Rate hikes are coming: What does that mean for you?

New York (CNN Business) The Covid era of free money is coming to an end.

After dropping interest rates to zero in March 2020 to revive the economy, the Federal Reserve is shifting gears and going into inflation-fighting mode.

Fed officials indicated Wednesday they plan to raise interest rates in March , launching a series of rate hikes for the first time since 2015.

Americans will experience this policy shift through higher borrowing costs: No longer will it be insanely cheap to take out mortgages or car loans. And money in the bank will finally earn something, albeit not much.

"Money will no longer be free," said Joe Brusuelas, chief economist at RSM US.

When the pandemic erupted, the Fed made it almost free to borrow in an effort to encourage spending by households and businesses. And to further boost the Covid-ravaged economy, the US central bank also printed trillions of dollars through a program known as quantitative easing and rolled out emergency credit facilities.

The Fed's rescue worked. There was no Covid financial crisis. Vaccines and massive spending from Congress paved the way for a rapid recovery.

Borrowing costs are going up

Every time the Fed raises rates, it becomes more expensive to borrow. That means higher interest costs for mortgages, home equity lines of credit, credit cards, student debt and car loans. Business loans will also get pricier, for businesses large and small.

The most tangible way this is playing out is in mortgages, where expectations of rate hikes have already driven up rates.

But it'll still be relatively cheap to borrow

None of this means it will suddenly become expensive to finance purchases.

And if there are five rate hikes, the midpoint of the fed funds rate would be sitting at a relatively low 1.375%.

Still, the impact to borrowing costs in coming months will depend chiefly on the speed of the Fed's rate hikes. There remains much debate about that, although Chairman Jerome Powell said Wednesday he believes there is "quite a bit of room" to raise rates without threatening the jobs market.

Rock-bottom rates have penalized savers. Money stashed in savings, certificates of deposit (CD) and money market accounts has earned almost nothing during Covid (and for much of the past 14 years, for that matter). Measured against inflation, savers have lost money.

The good news, however, is that these interest rates will rise as the Fed gets away from zero. Savers will start to earn interest again.

But this takes time to play out. In many cases, especially with traditional accounts at big banks, the impact won't happen be felt overnight.

And even after several rate hikes, savings rates will still be very low -- below inflation and expected returns in the stock market.

Markets will have to adjust

All this free money has been amazing for the stock market. Zero percent interest rates depress government bond rates, essentially forcing investors to bet on risky assets like stocks. (Wall Street even has an expression for this: TINA, which stands for "there is no alternative.")

At a minimum, rate hikes mean the stock market will face more competition going forward from boring government bonds.

The goal of the Fed's interest rate hikes is to get inflation under control.

The high cost of living is causing financial headaches for millions of Americans and contributing significantly to relatively low levels of consumer confidence, not to mention President Joe Biden's low approval ratings.

Yet it will take time for the Fed's interest rate hikes to start chipping away at inflation. And even then, inflation will still be subject to the whims of the supply chain mess, strong demand. And, of course, Covid.
