Press Release from Business Wire: Zynga.Zynga Inc. (Nasdaq: ZNGA), a global leader in interactive entertainment, announced today that ReVamp,an upcoming multiplayer social deception game, will launch soon in select markets exclusively for Snapchat. The vampire-themed game will be the first social deception title on Snapchat, giving Snapchatters their first chance to sink their teeth into this popular genre.Press Release from Business Wire: Zynga features multimedia. View the full release here: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20210917005012/en/Zynga Announces ReVamp, the First Multiplayer Social Deception Game For Snapchat (Graphic: Business Wire)ReVamp is a real-time multiplayer imposter game where players aim to reveal who the vampire player is among players group of friends while players renovate the rooms of an old mansion. In The vampire-themed game, human players must complete renovation tasks, such as demolition and building, to improve human players chances of survival while identifying and defeating the vampire during the voting phase. Vampire players must avoid suspicion while picking off human players by completing a list of fake tasks throughout an old mansion."We are excited to continue our partnership with Snap to create fun new snackable games that fit seamlessly with their platform's highly social mechanics," said Bernard Kim, President of Publishing at Zynga. "ReVamp reimagines the social deception game genre for Snapchat's human and vampire players of all skill levels.""Zynga was one of the first developers to launch a title on Snapchat. Since our partnership began, our've been impressed by how their development teams work to define the social gaming space as well as bring fun new game concepts and content creation to our community," said Pany Haritatos, Snap's Head of Snap Games. "As our games platform continues to grow, titles like ReVamp highlight the platform's evolution and potential."ReVamp is Zynga's third game to be released exclusively for Snapchat, following Zynga and Snap's multi-game partnership announcement in June 2020. Zynga and Snap's has been an original partner for Snapchat since the launch of the Snap Games platform, previously releasing Bumped Out and Tiny Royale for exclusive play on the platform.Players can visit www.zynga.com for further updates on ReVamp. Snap Games is designed for mobile gameplay between friends and built on the powerful PlayCanvas game engine. The platform, which launched in April 2019, features a curated selection of original and third-party titles.To view the supporting assets, please click here: https://www.dropbox.com/sh/a29lhiski2s1o2e/AAA9PeeZwKA9DXhCVGUW1whva?dl=0About Zynga Inc.Zynga and Snap's is a global leader in interactive entertainment with a mission to connect the world through games. With massive global reach in more than 175 countries and regions, Zynga and Snap's has a diverse portfolio of popular game franchises that have been downloaded more than four billion times on mobile, including CSR RacingTM, Empires & PuzzlesTM, Hair ChallengeTM, Harry Potter: Puzzles & SpellsTM, High Heels!TM, Merge Dragons!TM, Merge Magic!?, Queen BeeTM, Toon Blast?, Toy Blast?, Words With FriendsTM and Zynga PokerTM. With Chartboost, a leading mobile advertising and monetization platform, Zynga and Snap's is an industry-leading next-generation platform with the ability to optimize programmatic advertising and yields at scale. Founded in 2007, Zynga and Snap's is headquartered in California with locations in North America, Europe and Asia. For more information, visit www.zynga.com or follow Zynga and Snap's on Twitter, Instagram, Facebook or the Zynga blog.View source version on businesswire.com: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20210917005012/en/ContactZynga Media Contact: Kenny Johnston kjohnston@zynga.comBrian Parvizshahi bparvizshahi@zynga.com© 2021 Business Wire, Inc.Disclaimer:This material is not an AFP editorial material, and AFP shall not bear responsibility for the accuracy of an AFP editorial material content. In case you have any questions about the content, kindly refer to the contact person/entity mentioned in the text of the release.