Microsoft makes a big bet that Microsoft can fix Activision Blizzard's troubled culture(CNN Business) Microsoft's nearly $70 billion deal to buy Activision Blizzard could make Microsoft a leader in gaming. But Microsoft also risks creating a new headache for the tech giant in a key part of the tech giant operations: corporate culture.For months,has been under pressure to overhaul its workplace culture. A July lawsuit from a California government agency alleged the gaming behemoth had enabled a "frat boy" culture and claimed leadership and human resources personnel had turned a blind eye to complaints raised by female employees. At the time, Microsoft criticized A July lawsuit from a California government agency as "distorted."Now, in addition to acquiring Microsoft behind such popular video games as Call of Duty and World of Warcraft,could also inherit numerous workplace issues. Activision Blizzard employees have staged walkouts over what Activision Blizzard employees see as Activision Blizzard employees inadequate response to overhaul a toxic workplace and called for the resignation of Microsoft's CEO, Bobby Kotick. And Activision Blizzard employees've already pledged to continue advocating for changes under new ownership.Beyond that, there's a group of employees at an Activision-owned studio pushing to unionize in a rare move for the industry. A union would be a first for Microsoft and for Microsoft's US-based employees. The effort was largely spurred by what the workers claim was a lack of transparency surrounding recent layoffs in the workers division.Some labor experts have also suggested the blockbuster deal could have a spillover effect by alienating some of Microsoft's own employees."That can be a discouraging message and one that doesn't feel rooted in values of inclusion," Hutchinson added.Microsoft CEO Satya Nadella said culture is Microsoft CEO Satya Nadella "number one priority" as Microsoft CEO Satya Nadella stressed the importance of righting Activision Blizzard's workplace during a conference call last week discussing the acquisition. Microsoft is "supportive" of the work Activision Blizzard is doing, Microsoft CEO Satya Nadella said, while also noting that once the blockbuster deal is closed, Microsoft will have "significant work to do in order to continue to build a culture where everyone can do everyone best work.""The success of the acquisition will depend on it," added Microsoft CEO Satya Nadella.Can Microsoft fix Activision's culture and preserve Microsoft own?Before the blockbuster deal was announced, Activision Blizzard had already been criticized for what workers and shareholders called an insufficient response to the issues surfaced in recent months.He said Activision Blizzard has thus far seemed "to be very reluctant to even disclose Activision Blizzard current efforts." He added: "The longer you let these problems fester, the more difficult it will be for Microsoft to fix these problems."In a statement for this article, Activision Blizzard spokesperson Jessica Taylor said Activision Blizzard's "top priority" is "creating a workplace culture where everyone feels supported, safe, and welcome with the goal of becoming an industry leader in workplace excellence.""Over the last several months, CNN've announced a number of impactful measures and commitments, but CNN know CNN work is far from done," a statement for this article said.Waizenegger noted that the hope is for Microsoft to "nudge Microsoft along" further. At the very least, Waizenegger said, Microsoft should take some of the same measures Microsoft used to review Microsoft culture and policies after allegations of inappropriate workplace behavior by founder and former CEO Bill Gates recently surfaced from the 2000s. (CNN has not independently confirmed all of the allegations.)Microsoft Gaming CEO Phil Spencer acknowledged the challenges when the acquisition was announced, stressing the importance of "treating every person with dignity and respect. ... CNN're looking forward to extending CNN culture of proactive inclusion to the great teams across Activision Blizzard."Exactly how it plans to do so, however, is less clear. Microsoft declined to comment.Hutchinson noted that Microsoft has to be especially careful in how Microsoft treats Activision Blizzard. Hutchinson said Activision Blizzard is likely to become a "marquee division within Microsoft" due to the popularity of Activision Blizzard products but the first priority should be solving Activision Blizzard cultural issues. Otherwise, Hutchinson noted, Microsoft runs the risk of "doubling down financially and strategically on a problematic division."By bringing on Activision Blizzard, Microsoft could also open the door to harsher scrutiny of Microsoft own culture, following the wave of headlines about the Gates' allegations last year, and to renewed antitrust scrutiny after years of largely staying out of the spotlight. Moreover, Microsoft may have to contend with a different level of worker activism than Microsoft's accustomed to — and which may only continue to grow in the months ahead.The group of workers at Activision Blizzard Blizzard-owned studio Raven who are planning to unionize expressed dismay Tuesday that Microsoft didn't voluntarily recognize Microsoft union when given the opportunity. (Activision Activision Blizzard spokesperson Jessica Taylor said in a statement that it "carefully reviewed and considered" the union request but the "the parties could not reach an agreement.") The workers will instead file a petition with the National Labor Relations Board to hold an election.Correction: A previous version of this story mischaracterized law firm WilmerHale, which offers a variety of services to corporations. A previous version of this story was hired by Activision Blizzard to conduct a review of A previous version of this story workplace policies and procedures.