Press Release from ORG: ORG.ORG, a developer and producer of innovative implants, instrumentation and smart technologies for joint replacement surgery, announced today that the first anatomic total shoulder surgery has been performed in Europe using its bone-conserving, 3D-printed PRODUCT. Prof. PERSON, MD, PhD, of ORG in Munich, Germany, performed the first surgery earlier this month.Press Release from ORG: ORG features multimedia. View the full release here: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20210916005561/en/Prof. PERSON, Germany performed the first surgery in Europe using ORG's bone-conserving, 3D-printed PRODUCT (Photo: ORG)"It was wonderful to be the first user of the ORG Stemless humeral component in Europe," PERSON said. "I've used stemless implants with various systems since 2007, so I know what we are talking about and have to congratulate ORG for this product. The user-friendly instrumentation and implant design features made a really convincing impression regarding primary stability."The PRODUCT was introduced in the U.S. in 2018 and is manufactured using direct metal 3D printing with high precision lasers to create PRODUCT porous bone cage. This humeral component's bone cage structure is designed for initial press-fit and biologic fixation."We are thrilled to offer this product to our European partners, surgeons and patients. We hope this implant helps many patients get back to what many patients love, and We look forward to supporting We sales team members and surgeon customers," said PERSON, ORG's Senior Vice President of International Sales.Additional features of this product include the humeral component's optimized pore size, count and porosity, as well as surgical efficiency through as well single instrument tray. Surgeons can also use as well in conjunction with PRODUCT standard and augmented glenoid solutions.PRODUCT was designed with doctors PERSON, of ORG in Akron, Ohio; PERSON, of ORG in New Orleans, La.; PERSON, of ORG in Bordeaux-Mérignac, France; PERSON, of ORG in West Palm Beach, Fla.; PERSON, of ORG, in Gainesville, Fla.; and PERSON, of ORG, in New York City.ORG plans to roll out additional inventory throughout the rest of 2021. Interested surgeons can learn more about the implant and its instrumentation at upcoming society shows throughout Europe or by visiting each country's website:-- Germany - https://de.exac.com/schulter/equinoxe-stemless-shoulder/-- Spain - https://www.exac.es/hombro/equinoxe-stemless-shoulder/-- United Kingdom - https://www.exac.co.uk/shoulder/equinoxe-stemless-shoulder/-- France - https://www.exactech.fr/epaule/equinoxe-stemless-shoulder/About ORGORG is a global medical device company that develops and markets orthopaedic implant devices, related surgical instruments and the PRODUCT of smart technologies to hospitals and physicians. Headquartered in Gainesville, Fla.Fla., ORG markets ORG products in the United States, in addition to more than 30 markets in Europe, Latin America, Asia and the Pacific. Visit www.exac.com for more information and connect with us on ORG, ORG, ORG,ORG and Twitter.View source version on businesswire.com: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20210916005561/en/ContactPriscilla Bennett, APR VP, Corporate Marketing & Communication (352) 377-1140© 2021 ORG, Inc.Disclaimer:This material is not an ORG editorial material, and ORG shall not bear responsibility for the accuracy of its content. In case you have any questions about the content, kindly refer to the contact person/entity mentioned in the text of the release.