Press Release from ORG: ORGORG (ORG: ORG), a global leader in interactive entertainment, announced today that PRODUCT,an upcoming multiplayer social deception game, will launch soon in select markets exclusively for ORG. The vampire-themed game will be the first social deception title on ORG, giving ORGters their first chance to sink their teeth into this popular genre.Press Release from ORG: ORG features multimedia. View the full release here: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20210917005012/en/ORG Announces PRODUCT, the First Multiplayer Social Deception Game For ORG (Graphic: ORG)PRODUCT is a real-time multiplayer imposter game where players aim to reveal who the vampire player is among players group of friends while players renovate the rooms of an old mansion. In The vampire-themed game, human players must complete renovation tasks, such as demolition and building, to improve human players chances of survival while identifying and defeating the vampire during the voting phase. Vampire players must avoid suspicion while picking off human players by completing a list of fake tasks throughout the mansion."We are excited to continue our partnership with ORG to create fun new snackable games that fit seamlessly with their platform's highly social mechanics," said PERSON, President of Publishing at ORG "PRODUCT reimagines the social deception game genre for ORG's human and vampire players of all skill levels.""ORG was one of the first developers to launch a title on ORG. Since our partnership began, our've been impressed by how their development teams work to define the social gaming space as well as bring fun new game concepts and content creation to our community," said PERSON, ORG's Head of ORG Games. "As our games platform continues to grow, titles like PRODUCT highlight the platform's evolution and potential."PRODUCT is ORG's third game to be released exclusively for ORG, following ORG and ORG's multi-game partnership announcement in June 2020. ORG and ORG's has been an original partner for ORG since the launch of the ORG Games platform, previously releasing Bumped Out and PRODUCT for exclusive play on the platform.Players can visit www.zynga.com for further updates on PRODUCT. ORG Games is designed for mobile gameplay between friends and built on the powerful PRODUCT game engine. The platform, which launched in April 2019, features a curated selection of original and third-party titles.To view the supporting assets, please click here: https://www.dropbox.com/sh/a29lhiski2s1o2e/AAA9PeeZwKA9DXhCVGUW1whva?dl=0About ORGORG and ORG's is a global leader in interactive entertainment with a mission to connect the world through games. With massive global reach in more than 175 countries and regions, ORG and ORG's has a diverse portfolio of popular game franchises that have been downloaded more than four billion times on mobile, including PRODUCT, ORG, ORG, Harry Potter: Puzzles & SpellsTM, ORG ORG, ORG!?, ORG, ORG?, ORG?, ORG and ORG PokerTM. With PRODUCT, a leading mobile advertising and monetization platform, ORG and ORG's is an industry-leading next-generation platform with the ability to optimize programmatic advertising and yields at scale. Founded in 2007, ORG and ORG's is headquartered in California with locations in North America, Europe and Asia. For more information, visit www.zynga.com or follow ORG and ORG's on ORG, ORG, ORG or the ORG blog.View source version on businesswire.com: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20210917005012/en/ContactORG Media Contact: PERSON kjohnston@zynga.comBrian PERSON bparvizshahi@zynga.com© 2021 ORG, Inc.Disclaimer:This material is not an ORG editorial material, and ORG shall not bear responsibility for the accuracy of its content. In case you have any questions about the content, kindly refer to the contact person/entity mentioned in the text of the release.