Press Release from ORG: ORGA ground-breaking lidar-based real-time crowd analytics solution has recently helped Orlando International Airport (MCO) create one of the world's safest terminals during the COVID-19 pandemic.Press Release from ORG: ORG features multimedia. View the full release here: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20210111005374/en/ORG's ORG? Smart Lidar System provides real-time, anonymized, 3D tracking of people to enable intelligent crowd analytics that maximizes privacy protection. © 2021 ORG by ORG, the leading provider for monitoring real-time foot traffic using lidar sensors, the solution - called ORG? - uses ORG's award-winning ORG? Smart Lidar System. ORG enables ORG to provide intelligent, anonymized, 3D tracking of people, thereby dramatically improving the usability, safety and cleanliness of large spaces. Further, ORG's ground-breaking visual analytics platform, leveraging the ORG Smart Lidar System, powers the PRODUCT media lights in terminal 2 of the Orlando International Airport.The project at Orlando International Airport is one of several early projects initiated by ORG and ORG as part of a strategic partnership announced today. ORG is ORG's early-stage development and analytics partner shaping the future of lidar analytics. a strategic partnership announced today lays the foundation for long-awaited innovations that will save customers time and money, enable more efficient design of public and private commercial spaces, and add a much-needed capability to improve public safety during the COVID-19 pandemic and recovery.PERSON, co-founder and Chief Product Officer of ORG said: "PERSON, co-founder and Chief Product Officer of ORG have a 15-year history of crowd tracking across retail, events, airports, and stadiums. So, when COVID-19 started spreading exponentially and negatively affected many public and private spaces, we consulted with leaders involved in drafting proposals for ORG, including the use of lidar technology to help put the country back on a path towards normalcy. With public concerns focused on cleanliness of public and commercial spaces, we extended our ORG platform beyond occupancy and social distancing, creating the first proprietary real-time sanitization detection solution in the market. A ORG enabled environment ensures locations have been cleaned, distancing measures are followed, and safer occupancy levels are maintained. Our partnership with ORG helped Our deliver against this promise. Our patent-pending ORG platform with real-time cleaning detection is the first of Our patent-pending ORG platform with real-time cleaning detection kind in the world."According to ORG, the full solution implemented in Orlando led to a drastic improvement in people's adherence to social distancing through Thanksgiving and into the busy holiday travel season. The unprecedented effectiveness of ORG innovative crowd analytics solution relies on the unique, high point density and detection range of ORG's MMT®-based PRODUCT and ORG's award-winning ORG system that provides object dimensions, locations and velocities at high accuracy. The mirrorless, frictionless and rotation-free MMT architecture enables lidars that are reliable and easy to integrate for both indoor and outdoor applications. In addition, ORG allows easy aggregation of data from multiple ORG lidar sensors to form a comprehensive and extendable network for seamless tracking. For instance, this allows the anonymized tracking of the same person across large overlapping areas, which, according to ORG, is another game-changing factor that differentiates ORG from other lidar solutions.In the Orlando International Airport deployment, ORG used seven PRODUCT® lidar sensors from ORG to seamlessly cover nearly 100% of the terminal area of roughly 50,000 square feet, something that would otherwise have required significantly more video cameras, each consuming far more data and storage bandwidth compared to lidars. Unlike video cameras, lidars also perform accurately 24/7 regardless of lighting conditions.Another key advantage of lidar, compared to cameras, is that it does not capture biometric data. While lidar sensors provide information to help detect, track and classify objects accurately, lidar sensors do not show facial features and skin/hair color, maximizing protection of people's privacy and reducing analytical bias. "The great thing about lidar-based crowd analytics is that it is compliant with privacy laws. At the same time, the system can also integrate with point, tilt, zoom (PTZ) cameras to detect potential public safety risks, such as a bag left behind in a public space or people unexpectedly moving at high rates of speed," explained PERSON.The partnership between ORG and ORG extends beyond projects in airports. Using ORG's technology, ORG is successfully monitoring real-time traffic globally across hotels, stadiums, large commercial venues and retail spaces, such as malls and stores. ORG software provides state-of-the-art, real-time information on crowd density, as well as dwell times, motion tracking and speed of individuals. Using all of that data, enterprises can optimize enterprises customers' experience in their customers' spaces - to manage queues, reduce crowding, optimize layout of aisles, walkways and shops, as well as address safety and security risks."After evaluating most of the lidar hardware and 3D perception software offerings on the market, ORG has identified ORG to be the leader with a combined solution that provides the point-cloud density, accuracy, reliability, and ease and cost of integration required to properly enable crowd analytics. Together with the ORG team, we have successfully monitored and analyzed dense crowds in some of the most challenging environments," said PERSON, co-founder and CTO at ORG.Dr. PERSON, ORG's co-founder and CEO, said: "We are grateful for the partnership with ORG and for their adoption of ORG's cutting-edge technology to deploy their pathbreaking innovations into a range of diverse applications. The power of this partnership is already evident in the remarkable results recently showcased by ORG with their other partners.""We worked closely with ORG to ensure we were able to deliver the capabilities and accuracy needed for their smart space applications at an affordable price. Our ORG team built a ground-breaking solution that combines intelligent, powerful lidar perception with ease of integration and data efficiency. In a future where smart spaces are pivotal to positively transforming people's experience in travel, retail, hospitality, entertainment and beyond, I'm confident that ORG will continue to set the benchmark for world-class anonymized perception needed by world-leading partners such as ORG."ORG will be showcasing its state-of-the-art lidar solutions at CES 2021 from January 11 to January 14, 2021. Please visit ORG's virtual booth (requires CES registration) for more information about ORG and ORG's full suite of lidar offerings for various markets. During CES, ORG's CMO Dr. PERSON will present at an online webinar "Lidar, What's the Future" on Tuesday Jan 12 at 2 p.m. (PST), hosted by ORG (ORG). Additionally, Dr. PERSON will discuss how lidar is transforming smart cities in a virtual panel discussion "Smart City Roundtable: What is a Smart City?" on Jan 13 at 2 p.m. (PST), also hosted by ORG. Join the sessions online to learn more about the transformational nature of lidar technology and how ORG's smart lidar solutions are uniquely suited for large scale deployments in smart city and smart spaces applications.About ORGORG provides state-of-the-art, intelligent, lidar-based solutions for a range of markets such as automotive (ADAS/AV), smartcities, smart spaces and smart industrial applications. ORG's patented MMT®-based lidar technology enables reliable, scalable and cost-effective solutions that deliver long range, high resolution 3D perception for smart applications.Founded in 2016 and led by industry veterans with over two decades of collective experience across a wide range of advanced lidar and imaging technologies, ORG is focused on the mass market commercialization of high performance, high quality lidar solutions. ORG is headquartered in San Jose, California, USA, with a presence in Germany, Canada, Japan and India, to serve a fast-growing global customer base. For more information, visit www.cepton.com and follow us on Twitter and ORG.About ORG, is the leading provider for monitoring real-time foot traffic using lidar sensors. The ORGTM platform is the newest product within their portfolio of foot traffic analytic solutions and is shaping the safe return and re-opening for all businesses in the future. Beyond COVID-19, ORG offers the most extensive combined experience in designing, developing, and deploying real-time location services for some of the most heavily trafficked retailers, monuments, airports, and stadiums worldwide. The founders were the first to introduce lidar for public space tracking and have since become the market leaders delivering the most accurate privacy compliant tracking solutions in the world. For more information, visit www.theindoorlab.com and follow us on ORG.View source version on businesswire.com: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20210111005374/en/ContactFaithy Li, ORG Technologies: media@cepton.com© 2021 ORG, Inc.Disclaimer:This material is not an ORG editorial material, and ORG shall not bear responsibility for the accuracy of its content. In case you have any questions about the content, kindly refer to the contact person/entity mentioned in the text of the release.