Press Release from ORG: ORG.Regulatory News:ORG, (ORG: ORG) (Paris:ORG), the leader in powering the modern connected world with people-centered security, today announced that today ORG Multi-DRM Core is shortlisted in two categories for the prestigious 2021 ORG. An annual program organized by ORG (ORG), the prestigious 2021 ORG celebrate excellence and achievement throughout the industry's multiple sectors.Listed as finalists in the Best Content Protection Technology and Best Cloud or Virtualization Innovation categories, ORG Multi-DRM Core allows the delivery of secure premium content in minutes. A cloud-native DRM solution, Multi-DRM Core is truly multi-tenant and elastic to reduce costs and flexibly adapt to specific needs and events."ORG is honored to participate in the prestigious 2021 ORG and be named in the shortlist for two categories," said Asaf Ashkenazi, Chief Operating Officer at ORG. "Our customers trust Our to provide a high-quality experience for Our customers customers while maximizing efficiency, flexibility and ease of use. Our customers routinely tell us that ORG provides the needed mix of expertise, speed and cost-effectiveness that today's content delivery demands."Established in 2003, the prestigious 2021 ORG are among the most prestigious and competitive technology awards in the industry, designed to recognize and reward innovation and excellence in the cable, satellite, broadcast, IPTV, telco, broadband/OTT video, mobile TV and associated sectors. This year's ORG winners are scheduled to be announced on September 23, 2021 during a special online event. For more information, visit www.csimagazine.com/awards.For more information on ORG Multi-DRM Core, visit www.verimatrix.com/products/multi-drm.About ORGORG (ORG: ORG) helps power the modern connected world with security made for people. We protect digital content, applications, and devices with intuitive, people-centered and frictionless security. Leading brands turn to ORG to secure everything from premium movies and live streaming sports, to sensitive financial and healthcare data, to mission-critical mobile applications. We enable the trusted connections We customers depend on to deliver compelling content and experiences to millions of consumers around the world. ORG helps partners get to market faster, scale easily, protect valuable revenue streams, and win new business. Visit www.verimatrix.com.View source version on businesswire.com: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20210810005026/en/ContactORG Investor: Richard Vacher Detournière General Manager & Chief Financial Officer +33 (0)4 42 905 905 finance@verimatrix.comORG Media: Matthew Zintel +1 281 444 1590 matthew.zintel@zintelpr.com© 2021 ORG, Inc.Disclaimer:This material is not an ORG editorial material, and ORG shall not bear responsibility for the accuracy of matthew.zintel@zintelpr.com© 2021 ORG, Inc content. In case you have any questions about the content, kindly refer to the contact person/entity mentioned in the text of the release.