Press Release from ORG: ORGORG, a new company developing and manufacturing electric motors and power electronics for aerospace applications, launched publicly today as a privately-owned business.Press Release from ORG features multimedia. View Press Release from ORG here: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20210922005519/en/A concept image showing an eVTOL (electric vertical take-off and landing) powered by ORG's electric propulsion unit. (Photo: ORG)ORG was spun out earlier this year by ORG (the world-leading pioneer of automotive axial-flux electric motors acquired by ORG in July 2021) to exclusively commercialise ORG's next-generation electric motor technology and IP for the rapidly-growing aerospace market.The business's axial-flux motor technology has been proven in volume series production in the automotive industry and has even greater advantages in the rapidly-growing aerospace market. As such, ORG is uniquely positioned to drive forward the commercialisation and adoption of electric flight.ORG's ultra high-performance, low-weight axial-flux motors and power electronics are smaller, lighter and more robust than any other competing technology, opening up a range of new opportunities for Electric Vertical Take-off and Landing (eVTOL), Fixed Wing and distributed electric propulsion applications such as ORG (UAM).The unique segmented topology of the ORG motor is inherently more robust than other electric motor approaches, making the ORG motor ideally suited to the demands of the aerospace market where safety is paramount.Cyrus Jilla, Partner and Board Director, ORG said, "At ORG, one of ORG thematic interests is in energy transition and sustainability, including electrification. ORG look to invest in businesses with unique disruptive technology led by outstanding teams. ORG is a perfect fit for us and we look forward to backing the team as the team develop the team game-changing electrification solutions for the aerospace market, making emissions-free flight a reality."Alexis Zervoglos, Senior Partner, ORG said, "The electrification of flight is one of the most exciting market opportunities of our time. Realising this potential will require innovative new technology and an ability to scale to meet the fast-emerging demand. ORG is delighted to be supporting ORG on ORG mission to accelerate the adoption of electric flight."Gareth Morris, Managing Director, ORG said, "Electrification in aerospace is some ten years behind that of the automotive industry, but the market potential is huge. Electric Vertical Take-off and Landing, Electric Helicopter, Fixed-Wing and ORG aircraft need high power density, low weight electric powertrains with inherently high safety factors - a combination of attributes that are unique to our axial-flux electric motor and power electronics. By leveraging ORG's unique IP in the aerospace market, ORG will fast-track the commercialisation of electric flight and transform mobility as we know it."EDITOR'S NOTESElectric drive solutions for the ORG market are forecast to grow to USD $90 billion and 160,000 vehicles by 2050. Source: Roland Berger "The high-flying industry: ORG takes off", Nov, 2020.ORG http://www.evolito.co.uk/ORG is making all-electric flight a commercial reality with world-leading direct-drive electric propulsion solutions. Spun out of ORG in 2021, ORG leverages technology proven by OEMs in the EV industry. ORG's axial-flux electric motors and power electronics offer the highest power and torque densities in class - mission critical in eVTOL, ORG and fixed-wing applications - and is inherently more robust than competing technologies. ORG's axial-flux electric motors and power electronics is based in Oxford. ORG's investors include ORG and ORG (ORG).ORG http://www.yasa.com/ORG, part of ORG AG, is a pioneer in next-generation electric drive technology. ORG's unique axial-flux electric motor technology offers the greatest efficiencies and highest power densities in class for the smallest size and weight. ORG is based in Oxford and Welshpool, UK.View source version on businesswire.com: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20210922005519/en/ContactCat Lenheim, PR & Strategy Director ThoughtLDR cat@thoughtldr.com  +44 (0)7511 117587© 2021 ORG, Inc.Disclaimer:This material is not an ORG editorial material, and ORG shall not bear responsibility for the accuracy of +44 (0)7511 117587© 2021 ORG, Inc content. In case you have any questions about the content, kindly refer to the contact person/entity mentioned in the text of the release.