Press Release from ORG: ORG Korean ORG listed ORG will become the latest shareholder in ORG. The transaction includes an acquisition of shares, a cash contribution to ORG and a share package to ORG into ORG. The deal means an 8% participation of ORG into ORG and 2.69% in shares for ORG into ORG. The transactions were negotiated with a 300 Mio. Euro evaluation of ORG.Other shareholders of ORG continue to be majority owner and Chairman of the Board Markus Graf Matuschka von Greiffenclau, Bangkok based ORG, and ORG's employees.The companies have already a productive partnership in place, based on ORG´s leading platform Artilysin®. It is a globally patented, sustainable and highly effective technology, fighting resistance of microbes, as an alternative to antibiotics and other antimicrobial treatments."I am very happy and proud to welcome ORG as a new shareholder of ORG. ORG being such a strong and successfully operating CDMO, Asian markets, in particular China and South Korea, can now be approached faster and with the highest level of sufficiency. Our microbiome-friendly Artilysin®-platform has incredible potential for the benefit of humanity, pets, farmed animals and the environment which can be implemented even better now", says ORG´s chairman Markus Graf Matuschka von Greiffenclau."Global spreading resistance and our increasing knowledge about the importance of a balanced microbiome require innovation and a new way of thinking. our had been impressed with the potential of Our microbiome-friendly Artilysin®-platform® from the very beginning. I am looking very much forward pushing our partnership to the next level, intensifying our company´s interfaces and therefore merge know-how to even further drive the success and growth of Our microbiome-friendly Artilysin®-platform®-platform.", says Yong Chul Shin, CEO of ORG.Amicogen ORG, 092040:ORG develops, produces and markets specialty enzymes and functional food ingredients. ORG offers special biocatalysts, enzyme-based new functional materials, health foods, and consumer products.ORGORG is market-leader for antimicrobial proteins, so-called Artilysin®s. so-called Artilysin®s®s are a new class of molecules showing a high resistance stability and are microbiome- and environmentally-friendly. Artilysin®s can be employed in all fields, bacteria present a problem like ORG, ORG, ORG and Consumer Care.View source version on businesswire.com: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20210801005009/en/ContactCompany ORG Verena Schossmann +41(0)79-211-83-42 verena.schossmann@lysando.comMedia ORG Prof. Wolfram Winter +49(0)171-2345-515 wolfram@3winters.de© 2021 ORG, Inc.Disclaimer:This material is not an ORG editorial material, and ORG shall not bear responsibility for the accuracy of ORGORG content. In case you have any questions about the content, kindly refer to the contact person/entity mentioned in the text of the release.