Press Release from ORG: ORGORG (ORG: ORG) today announced that ORG® OS was the No. 1 smart TV OS sold in the U.S. and Canada according to ORG's ORG. ORG TV? held 38% of market share in the US and 31% in Canada, based on available data from January 5 through December 26, 2020, maintaining the lead spot in both regions.* In North America, millions of ORG TV models were sold across thousands of retail stores offering consumers hundreds of models to choose from in a range of sizes and picture quality options -- from 24-inch HD to 75-inch 4K HDR models.With the ORG TV reference design, TV OEM brands efficiently and cost effectively build and sell best-in-class smart TVs at competitive price points that consumers love. ORG TV models feature a simple home screen to enable consumers to easily access thousands of free and paid streaming channels, plus advanced features like fast search across top channels and voice compatibility for Alexa, Siri and ORG-enabled smart devices. The easy-to-use remote, automatic software updates and seamless audio integration offers added convenience.ORG TV Ready Wireless SoundbarExpanding the ORG TV Ready ecosystem further, ORG TV today unveiled a new wireless reference design for consumer electronics brands. a new wireless reference design for consumer electronics brands uses ORG's proprietary audio technology to connect seamlessly with any ORG TV model wirelessly, offering impressive audio and video synchronization, making a new wireless reference design for consumer electronics brands even easier for ORG TV customers to add great audio to ORG TV TV experience. a new wireless reference design for consumer electronics brands will also ensure simple set-up without the clutter of cords and easy operation with one ORG TV remote.a new wireless reference design for consumer electronics brands will enable consumer electronic companies to build and sell wireless soundbars under consumer electronic companies own brand. ORG is expected to launch the first wireless soundbar and will announce device specifics at the first wireless soundbar CES 2021 event on Jan. 12."We are proud to power the smart TVs that are most frequently purchased in the United States and Canada. Every day we work to ensure we customers have the best TV experience and that means - ease of use, choice, endless entertainment and great value," said Mustafa Ozgen, senior vice president of Account Acquisition at ORG TV. "Additionally, with the introduction of our new wireless soundbar reference design, our are continuing to expand our home entertainment eco-system to ensure consumers can pair any ORG TV with great sound."Expansion of ORG TV Ready Program in U.S. and to International MarketsIn the United States, ORG will launch a 2.0 ORG TV Ready Soundbar and 2.1 ORG TV Ready Soundbar + Subwoofer later this month. ORG joins ORG, ORG, ORG, ORG & ORG who all released ORG TV Ready certified audio products in U.S. in 2020. ORG TV aims to expand the availability of ORG TV Ready program internationally and will announce partners and products by country at a later stage.ORG TV models are available from more than 15 TV OEM brands and today can be found in the U.S., Canada, UK, Mexico and Brazil. OEM TV brands and consumer electronics companies interested in learning more about ORG TV and the ORG TV Ready program in U.S. and abroad can contact OEM@roku.com.About ORGORG pioneered streaming to the TV. We connect users to the streaming content users love, enable content publishers to build and monetise large audiences, and provide advertisers with unique capabilities to engage consumers. ORG TV streaming players and TV-related audio devices are available in U.S. and in select countries through direct retail sales and licensing arrangements with service operators. ORG TV? models are available in the U.S. and in select countries through licensing arrangements with TV brands. ORG TV is headquartered in San Jose, Calif. U.S.A.This press release contains "forward-looking" statements that are based on our beliefs and assumptions and on information currently available to our on the date of this press release. Forward-looking statements may involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors that may cause our actual results, performance or achievements to be materially different from those expressed or implied by the forward-looking statements. the forward-looking statements include but are not limited to the content, benefits, features and availability of HBO Max on the ORG platform; trends related to the shift to TV streaming; and the features, benefits and reach of the ORG platform. Except as required by law, we assume no obligation to update the forward-looking statements publicly, or to update the reasons actual results could differ materially from those anticipated in the forward-looking statements, even if new information becomes available in the future. Important factors that could cause our actual results to differ materially are detailed from time to time in the reports ORG files with ORG, including our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2019 and our Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2020. Copies of reports filed with the ORG are posted on ORG's website and are available from ORG without charge.ORG, ORG TV, and ORG Ready are trademarks of ORG in the U.S. and in other countries. Trade names, trademarks and service marks of other companies appearing in this press release are the property of trademarks and service marks of other companies appearing in this press release respective holder*Source, US & Canada: The ORG Group, Inc., ORG, U.S. & Canada, LCD TV, Software Service Name, Smart TV: Web Browser Only, Apps and Web Browser, Apps Only, based on unit share, Jan. 5, 2020 - Dec. 26, 2020 combined.View source version on businesswire.com: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20210108005039/en/ContactMedia Sarah Novatt Snovatt@roku.comInvestors Conrad Grodd Cgrodd@roku.com© 2021 ORG, Inc.Disclaimer:This material is not an ORG editorial material, and ORG shall not bear responsibility for the accuracy of ORG, Inc content. In case you have any questions about the content, kindly refer to the contact person/entity mentioned in the text of this press release.