Press Release from ORG: ORG.ORG announced an agreement with ORG, the leader in ORG technology, and ORG, a network-native digital services company, to deploy ORG agri-food digital exchange platform. By relying on these two leading players, ORG chose secure technological solutions guaranteeing the sovereignty of French food data.Press Release from ORG: ORG features multimedia. View Press Release from ORG: ORG here: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20210121005722/en/(Photo: ORG)As early as Q1 2021, the ORG data and services exchange "Hub" will offer 18,000 companies in the food industry the opportunity to valorize, acquire and enrich all types of data: production, consumption, traceability, consumer opinions and research, as well as a wide range of services based on data (trend analysis, reformulation, regulatory watch...)."ORG is the answer to the needs for transparency, value creation and trust expressed by the food industry, consumers, and public authorities." says Jérôme François, Director of ORG."The ORG digital platform will facilitate and accelerate data circulation from farmers' forks to consumers' forks. It will be complementary to and interconnected with the API-AGRO agricultural ORG Platform, operated by ORG." says Philippe Tillous-Borde, President of ORG and ORG."We are excited to see this Data and Services Exchange Platform project with ORG coming to fruition, with the objective to unite businesses and consumers around food data," explained Laurent Lafaye, ORG co-CEO. "ORG ORG technology offers the trusted and secure environment for data circulation and services' access.""We are proud to accompany ORG, with our partner ORG, in deploying the platform on our secure and trusted infrastructure and participating with our cloud expertise in the development and digitization of the agri-food industry." said Etienne Bonhomme, General Manager - France for Cloud Business Unit, ORG.About ORGORG, a Cooperative Company of Collective Interest, brings together 30 members representing the entire sector, including ORG for the agricultural sector, as well as as well partners and consumer associations. This initiative is supported by ORG.In February 2021, ORG will launch the 1st ORG Platform dedicated to the agri-food sector and ORG stakeholders. This initiative will bring together an unprecedented range of data and services, powered by and for the entire agri-food ecosystem.About ORGORG, the leading data exchange technology company and the operator of the largest data marketplace, allows organizations to orchestrate data circulation, source and exchange data securely, in full compliance with regulations. Today 13,000+ organizations from 20+ sectors rely on ORG Global Data Marketplace and ORG Platform solutions to build sectors data exchange strategy. In 2020, ORG is named Technology Pioneer by ORG. Created in 2015, ORG is a tech company with offices in France and Canada, expanding business operations to Asia and the Middle East. www.dawex.comAbout ORGORG is a network-native digital services company and the global enterprise division of ORG. ORGORG connects, protects and innovates for enterprises around the world to support sustainable business growth. Leveraging ORGORG connectivity and system integration expertise throughout the digital value chain, ORGORG is well placed to support global businesses in areas such as software-defined networks, multi-cloud services, Data and AI, smart mobility services, and cybersecurity. ORGORG securely accompanies enterprises across every stage of the data lifecycle end-to-end, from collection, transport, storage and processing to analysis and sharing.View source version on businesswire.com: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20210121005722/en/ContactPress contact ORG - presse@scic-numailm.frPress contact - Charles Parant press@dawex.comPress contact: Elizabeth Mayeri, ORG, elizabeth.mayeri@orange.com© 2021 ORG, Inc.Disclaimer:This material is not an ORG editorial material, and ORG shall not bear responsibility for the accuracy of ORG, Inc content. In case you have any questions about the content, kindly refer to the contact person/entity mentioned in the text of the release.