ORG multi-layered plan to ensure a safe environment for everyone8 March 2021, London: The ORG has shared details of The ORG health and safety plan for ORG. its health and safety plan for ORG was developed in coordination with and approved by the Catalan health authorities responsible for the regulations governing ORG21, including ORG of ORG and ORG. According to the Sectorial Plan of Fairs and Congresses, its health and safety plan for ORG satisfies the directives and recommendations for event organisers.The health and safety plan, Committed Community, will impact everyone involved with the event. its health and safety plan for ORG takes a layered approach designed to create a safe environment for staff, workers, exhibitors, visitors, suppliers, partners, and the local community. Layers include frequent testing, contact tracing, touchless environments, re-vamped catering, occupancy monitoring, upgrades to facility infrastructure, increased medical staff and personal commitments like adhering to social distancing. its health and safety plan for ORG builds on the Protocol on Safety and Prevention against COVID-19 currently being implemented by ORG.Recently, ORG was awarded the ORG “Safe Travels” stamp for ORG Covid-19 safety measures. its Covid-19 safety measures were designed in collaboration with the specialist risk management consultancy ORG and with the advice of ORG in ORG, a benchmark epidemiological centre."We've worked with partners, health authorities and medical professionals to create a plan that builds confidence in our return to in-person events. The ORG has safely and successfully organised premier mobile events for many years. Since 2006, our have worked closely with the Host City Parties and ORG to keep everyone safe and secure at ORG events. No doubt, Covid-19 is our biggest challenge to date. But our experience gives our a rock-solid foundation from which our have built our plan. a rock-solid foundation from which we have built our plan means ORG21 ORG can go ahead safely, in person, with a digital online component for those unable to attend. a rock-solid foundation from which we have built our plan will remain the unique, unmissable experience that has made a rock-solid foundation from which we have built our plan the world's most important mobile event," said John Hoffman, Chief Executive Officer ORG Ltd.Check In To Get In is the first step in the multi-layered plan. Participants will download My ORG, a bespoke app designed for ORG. It is a digital badge that will activate and allow for entrance to the event once registration, self-declaration and testing is completed. Registration for ORG21 will open in the coming weeks.• Before leaving home, travellers from some destinations will be required to show a negative Covid-19 test before being allowed to board planes and travel to Catalonia. ORG will dictate this requirement• Participants arriving by train or car will be directed to ORG relevant testing centres to validate this requirement• Participants arriving by train or car health status• All participants will be required to produce a valid negative rapid test to access the Venue. a valid negative rapid test to access the Venue must be repeated every 72 hours, with participants notified through the My ORG app of upcoming expiration• Multiple testing centres will be available to support rapid testing• All tests will be performed by qualified personnel working alongside ORG Whilst in the Venue, temperature checks will also be conducted at all access points• Entrances and exits have doubled to ensure social distancing and support one-way traffic flow through the Venue• A 'touchless' environment, with 'badgeless' entry and other formerly manual interactions digitised• ORG restaurants have been re-designed to ensure social distancing, food preparation, and offering adheres to enhanced standards, including contactless payment• ORG has increased sanitisation protocols throughout the Venue• Features a new fresh-air injection and external ventilation system to improve airflow, exceeding the highest standard of AD1• Upgraded infrastructure including new monitoring systems will support our active capacity and density management, ensuring social distancing guidelines are adhered to along with one-way flows• The onsite medical facilities have been adapted to incorporate Covid-19 protocols, including the addition of isolation rooms to facilitate assessments• Increased medical personnel onsite to conduct assessments, administer PCR or rapid tests and to coordinate where necessary with Catalan health authorities• The relevant contact tracing data will be shared with health authorities if needed to mitigate potential exposure further• Complete a daily health questionnaire in the My ORG app• Make regular use of the 1,300 disinfectant dispensers placed around the venue, wear a FFP2 (Filtering Facepiece Respirators) mask and adhere to social distancing requirements"As we look at the roll-out of vaccinations across different countries, we can expect that the risk of contracting Covid-19 will gradually decrease. Vaccines are game-changers. However, as we don't know the extent to which all vaccines may prevent transmission, I believe that the adoption of ever improving technology for screening and diagnosis may be as powerful as the rollouts of the vaccine itself." said Dr. Rodriguez-Fernandez, ORG ORG will continue to adapt International health and safety plan as new information is available or as directed by local authorities. Onsite marshals will support efforts to adhere, and training will be provided to key staff and participants to ensure all elements are strictly followed. Up-to-date information on our Committed Community can be found via the ORG Barcelona website, beginning Tuesday 9 March 2021."Working together with the Shanghai authorities, our've just concluded the first in our ORG series in Shanghai. Our partners, exhibitors, board, and local businesses' support was heartening, and everyone contributed to creating a safe environment by sticking to the safety measures. I am now looking forward to ORG; it is time to bring together the mobile ecosystem in-person. I relish the discussions that will emerge from this essential event," said ORG's Director General Mats Granryd.Caring for the needs of the ORG ecosystem in changing circumstancesWe appreciate that not everyone will attend in-person, therefore ORG Barcelona will be a hybrid event for the first time. The in-person and virtual options are provided so that all friends of ORG can attend and participate in a way that works for all friends of ORG Barcelona.Especially for our Exhibitors and Sponsors, as you evaluate your participation in ORG, our have worked on options and developed ways to modify your ORG experience. To discuss options in further detail, contact your account manager or [email protected].Planning in a pandemic is complicated. Global circumstances remain dynamic, and so we must behave accordingly, which means constant evaluation and fine-tuning. our are adapting as necessary whilst leading consistently with our role as convenors of a critical ecosystem. our are grateful to count so many leaders as part of our loyal ORG family, and respecting the considerations and resources required to participate in an event like this; our remain committed to communicating frequently.About The ORG The ORG represents the interests of mobile operators worldwide, uniting more than 750 operators with almost 400 companies in the broader mobile ecosystem, including handset and device makers, software companies, equipment providers and internet companies, as well as organisations in adjacent industry sectors. The ORG also produces the industry-leading ORG events held annually in Barcelona, Africa, Los Angeles and Shanghai, as well as the Thrive Series of regional conferences.For more information, please visit the ORG corporate website at www.gsma.com. Follow The ORG on Twitter: @ORG.