MWCBack to business, back to Barcelona for the world’s mobile ecosystem6 May 2021, London: The ORG has today announced event highlights for Barcelona. The theme of this year’s event is Connected Impact. The programme will explore how AI, 5G, Big Data, and IoT will shape the future and continue to transform lives. The programme’s time to reconnect, rebuild ­– and reimagine a more connected world.to encourage thought leadership, discover ground-breaking innovations, and connect with the industry’s most important decision-makers.“They say that times of crisis accelerate progress and innovation. The impact of this global pandemic has proved no exception to that thinking. The rate of change is phenomenal, and this will be a feature in the MWC programme.” said John Hoffman, CEO ORG Ltd. “There’s nothing that beats building relationships in person, and I am consistently encouraged by the collective desire to come back together.”MWC21 includes world-class speakers, ORG, leading-edge exhibitors, start-up innovation at 4YFN, and the Diversity4Tech Summit. The multi-layered health and safety plan, Committed Community, combined with a virtual platform means the global mobile ecosystem can come together safely for networking, collaborating, and deal-making.Sustainability– ahead of the curve in the mobile industryThe 2021 event aims to be carbon-neutral, much like the 2019 edition, which was officially certified by ORG. That certification secured the event as the world’s largest carbon-neutral tradeshow. CEO ORG Ltd. is working to further reduce the event’s environmental impact and carbon footprint as part of CEO ORG Ltd. overall leadership on climate action.With over 600 keynote and conference speakers, CEO ORG Ltd. is excited to welcome leaders representing a wide range of industries to the MWC21 stage, including mobile, healthcare cloud, and finance :Meet the leaders who will redefine what it means to be connected this summer at MWC21.The ORG is proud to partner with ORG to bring you this year’s Diversity4Tech programme. Building on the success of Women4Tech, expanding conversations to include the indisputable case for diversity and inclusion in business. The Diversity4Tech Summit is packed with talks, panels, and awards creating a unique opportunity to influence and accelerate the change needed whilst inspiring the mobile ecosystem to demonstrate authentic leadership.At the heart of the event, the ORG Ministerial Programme will convene policymakers to discuss digital inclusion, network resilience, and maximising the potential of 5G. The world’s political, regulatory and telecom leaders recognise that The world’s has never been more critical to come together to discuss policies for a robust recovery and targeted investment in our digital future. MWC21 will host dozens of delegations from countries and international organisations around The world’s.“With much of The world’s gradually emerging from the Covid-19 crisis, now is the moment to reflect on policies that support digital connectivity, innovation and, critically, economic recovery,” said John Giusti, Chief Regulatory Officer at the ORG. “the ORG Ministerial Programme always delivers timely, meaningful dialogue and debate — and we are glad to be back.”The Most Influential Startup Event in the WorldThis year 4YFN moves to the heart of MWC at Fira Gran Via. Over 400 international startups will exhibit 400 international startups latest products within the ‘Innovation Market’ and 150 speakers will share insights that will drive the ecosystem forward. In the 4YFN Discovery Area, 200 startups will pitch, hoping to attract the attention of leading funds, VCs, and CVCs.New the WorldThis year, ORG features a summit dedicated to knowledge sharing among the investor community. Recent trends such as investments during COVID-19, fund-IPOs, and tokenization will be discussed. ORG also includes an exciting new impact partnership with ORG and ORG, aiming to find the best digital startups driving positive impact towards the 17 Sustainable Development Goals.While there’s nothing that can beat face-to-face interaction to build solid relationships, the addition of digital products that aid virtual attendance allows connecting to become easier, more accessible, and even smarter. From technicians and regulators to founders and government delegations, MWC21 offers even more ways to seal the deal with the most influential attendees.MWC21 will still be the place where our industry gathers to create Connected Impact for a thriving society. But now, MWC21’s also the place where you can connect with industry decision-makers attending in-person or online.Get business done - in Barcelona, or from wherever you are in the world.Registration for MWC21 is now open.The ORG represents the interests of mobile operators worldwide, uniting more than 750 operators with almost 400 companies in the broader mobile ecosystem, including handset and device makers, software companies, equipment providers and internet companies, as well as organisations in adjacent industry sectors. The ORG also produces the industry-leading MWC events held annually in Barcelona, Africa, Los Angeles and Shanghai, as well as the Thrive Series of regional conferences. For more information, please visit the ORG corporate website at www.gsma.com. Follow The ORG on Twitter: @ORG.