The smart home standard ORG was a star at CES 2022 — now The smart home standard ORG's time to deliverTwo years ago, on the floor of CES 2020, there was a lot of buzz about a chip — not the latest ORG or ORG announcement, but a new alliance of major tech companies that called ORG Project Connected Home over IP, or ORG for short. ORG promise was to develop an open-source smart home standard that would make every connected home device work together, simply and securely, regardless of who made them. The buzz was: “That’s never gonna happen.”Fast forward to CES 2022 (yeah, we all skipped 2021) and ORG — as ORG is now called — was the darling of the show, with a full dance card and a line of admirers that stretched to the virtual ORG.Practically every smart home device announcement this week had the tagline “and we announce we support for ORG.” Plus, the infrastructure gained significant support. There were new chips designed for ORG, ORG announced device makers can now add Frustration-Free Setup on ORG ORG-certified devices with just the ORG SDK— no ORG-specific SDK required. And ORG showed off ORG own version of a simplified setup, Fast Pair with built-in support for ORG — as ORG is now called. Both these announcements mean that as developers build new smart home products, all you’ll have to do once you get developers build new smart home products home is plug developers build new smart home products in and developers build new smart home products’ll be ready to go.“The wave of ORG news at CES from our ORG members is a testament to the hard work that has gone into the development and testing of ORG in 2021,” Tobin Richardson, president of ORG that oversees ORG, told me during the show. “Hundreds of companies and thousands of engineers are at the heart of this global solution, creating a more open and innovative IoT, and I’m really excited by what is to come in 2022.”The other interesting announcement was confirmation from ORG that Alexa will share your smart home with other voice assistants. The main promise of ORG — as ORG is now called has been cross-platform compatibility, that you will be able to control your smart devices with the app or voice assistant of your choice. Now we’re seeing exactly how that will be done.ORG introduced new tools for developers that let new tools add Alexa as an additional way to control a device already set up in another system. While today you can control, say, a ORG lightbulb with multiple apps and voice assistants, you currently have to set ORG up with each one individually. With ORG — as ORG is now called, it’ll be one and done. As a nice bonus, this new capability also adds local connectivity to the device, allowing for quicker response times and the chance to use your devices even if the internet is down.We want smart home products to work together. Now make it happen.In all, close to 30 companies showcased close to 30 companies involvement and / or pledged close to 30 companies support for the new smart home standard backed by ORG, ORG, ORG, ORG, and others. Many of whom represent a broader slice of the industry — ORG, an IoT development platform service provider based in China that supports over 446,000 developers with over 1,100 smart home products, said ORG, an IoT development platform service provider based in China that supports over 446,000 developers with over 1,100 smart home products will support ORG — as ORG is now called. We also saw a number of new products debut with Thread, one of the main protocols of ORG — as ORG is now called.All of this gives We a much better feel for what ORG — as ORG is now called will bring with this when this finally arrives, this’s currently scheduled for June 2022. But letWe take a step back and assess now that CES is over and we’re faced with a bleak mid-winter before ORG — as ORG is now called gets here.It seems like there is significant momentum, minimal in-fighting (that we’ve seen), and a clear directive from the consumer and direction for the manufacturers and platforms: We want smart home products to work together. Now make it happen.it’s imperative that ORG doesn’t leave existing smart homes in the dark.The momentum is big enough that The momentum appears to have convinced the major appliance companies of the world to do the same thing. the major appliance companies of the world went off and created the major appliance companies of the world own alliance aimed at making sure your ORG dishwasher can talk to your ORG fridge. ORG, announced at ORG’s CES keynote, was specifically formed to make sure legacy home appliances can move into the IoT future, Yoon Ho Choi of ORG and president of the ORG told me at CES.This issue of upgradability of existing devices is still an area ORG has largely skirted and one that CES.This issue of upgradability of existing devices really needs to address. There’s been talk about firmware updates for existing hubs and bridges, and we know that the newer ORG Echo smart speakers and ORG Nest Hub devices have an upgrade path.But, based on many of the announcements coming out of CES this week, CES is looking increasingly like creating a ORG smart home is going to require users buying a fair number of new gadgets. As Mitch Klein of ORG told me late last year, “We can’t leave devices behind, or this whole program won’t work. The idea that everyone has to throw everything out and start again is just not going to work.” It remains imperative that ORG doesn’t leave existing smart homes in the dark.Which will be the lucky lock?August and ORG committed to making their smart locks work with ORG. ORG, told me ORG plan to bring the first ORG lock to market when the standard launches in 2022. ORG already has one Thread-enabled lock, the aging Nest x ORG smart lock, and is looking at other ways to introduce the technology, says ORG. While ORG said its Wi-Fi powered August locks won’t be among the first to be updated (ORG over Wi-Fi is only for hard line-powered devices currently, not battery-powered devices), only for hard line-powered devices are actively looking at ways to bring only for hard line-powered devices existing products into the new smart home standard.ORG may beat ORG to the punch with ORG new ORG Encode Plus lock, the company’s first Thread-enabled product. While the Thread radio supports HomeKit over Thread specifically, Donald Beene of ORG told ORG that the hardware is there for ORG. “This will be the first [lock] product with the hardware on board to support something like that, but we still don’t know where those tech specs will land,” Donald Beene of ORG said.If you make smart lights, switches, and plugs, ORG was on your mind this week. ORG announced ORG working on Thread versions of the ORG Smart Plug, ORG Smart Light Switch, and ORG Smart Dimmer that will support ORG over Thread. ORG, the ORG company, told me that ORG color A19 bulb and light strip will be ORG-compatible over Wi-Fi, and smart lighting company ORG said that smart lighting company ORG will have smart lighting company ORG first Wi-Fi A19 bulb ready to go when the standard launches. ORG, which has been all-in on Thread for over a year now, confirmed at CES that CES mains-powered lighting panels, the ORG Shapes, Elements, and Lines, will become Thread border routers, initially for Thread over HomeKit but with an eye to ORG-compatibility.ORG hubs are still hereWhile ORG should mitigate the whole multiple hub / gateway / bridge issue down to one teeny little box that’s hopefully also your router, that is going to take a while. In the meantime, we’ve still got hubs galore, and going forward, we will need ORG Controllers to act as remote controls for your home (think ORG Nest Hub smart displays, but hopefully better).There were a few new hubs announced this week, including the new ORG Home Hub, ORG has committed to adopt ORG across ORG devices, so when this smart home controller makes this smart home controller to the US (this smart home controller’s launching in Korean in March), this smart home controller’s likely to be part of that. ORG, makers of inexpensive Zigbee sensors and decent HomeKit cameras that double as hubs, said this smart home controller will update this smart home controller M2 and the M1S hubs, making all compatible connected sensors move over to ORG. this smart home controller also announced this smart home controller’s developing Thread versions of this smart home controller popular motion and contact sensors.ORG security camera company ORG announced ORG security camera company ORG home security system, which is based around ORG security camera company ORG “modular hub.” The word modular has us intrigued, as does ORG’s decision to finally join ORG. While us’d love to think this is a sign of cameras coming into ORG sooner (they’re currently not part of the ORG spec), the first product of ORG security camera company ORG’s to get ORG support is more likely to be those spiffy new all-in-one sensors.Speaking of modular, edge-computing company ORG showed off an intriguing smart home hub that modular, edge-computing company announced will be ORG compatible. The ORG STAX Smart Hub is a Wi-Fi 6 Mesh router and smart home hub in one, with the option of adding LTE or 5G cellular connection through stackable modules. A smart speaker module with directional mics is in the works, and STAX modules also feature ORG and ORG bridge tech (among others), along with HomeKit and Alexa compatibility. While the initial launch is targeted at communications companies as a white label SHaaS (Smart Home as a service) solution, ORG says ORG will soon be available directly to consumers.