Press Release from Business Wire: Technology Innovation Institute.

Technology Innovation Institute (TII), the applied research pillar of Advanced Technology Research Council (ATRC), today announced that its Quantum Research Centre (QRC) has developed the first simulation version of 'Qibo', a versatile open-source quantum computing programming framework, in collaboration with researchers from around the world.

This press release features multimedia. View the full release here: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20210426005389/en/

Professor José Ignacio Latorre, Chief Researcher, Quantum Research Centre (QRC), Technology Innovation Institute (TII) (Photo: AETOSWire)

The development follows a series of rapid announcements at TII since the first ATRC board meeting in August 2020.

TII strives to create innovation for a better world. The development of an open-source programming framework will have compelling benefits for the global research community.

Qibo is designed to support quantum algorithms across different computer systems, including support to hardware accelerators such as graphics processing units (GPUs) and multiple quantum devices. This versatility makes Qibo easy to use for quantum programming and accelerates research and applications. Written in programming languages such as Python and C/C++, Qibo is the entry point for a full stack programming platform, able to run quantum algorithms across different quantum computers and simulators.

Qibo is a joint project by Quantum Research Centre; Qilimanjaro Quantum Tech, the Barcelona-based quantum computing company; and researchers at other global centres. TII's Quantum Research Centre team is led by Chief Researcher Prof José Ignacio Latorre. The first release of Qibo was published in September 2020, with the final version set for launch within the next two years.

Speaking on the announcement, His Excellency Faisal Al Bannai, Secretary General of Advanced Technology Research Council (ATRC), said: "The fact that Qibo is open-source will be a significant advantage to the world of programming and marks a major contribution to the research community and the advancement of scientific inquiry. Initial benchmark studies that show Qibo outperforming other computing languages is a clear indication of the quality of research currently being undertaken at Quantum Research Centre at Technology Innovation Institute."

Prof José Ignacio Latorre, Chief Researcher at Quantum Research Centre, said: "We are committed to innovation that transcends boundaries. The quantum advantage in computing will offer notable benefits to broader society, ranging from life-sciences, artificial intelligence, and finance."

QRC is one of seven initial dedicated research centres that are part of TII. The Qibo code published in the research paper can be accessed via a GitHub link [https://qibo.science/].

About Technology Innovation Institute (TII)

Technology Innovation Institute (TII) is the dedicated 'applied research' pillar of Advanced Technology Research Council (ATRC). TII is a pioneering global research and development centre that focuses on applied research and new-age technology capabilities. The Institute has seven initial dedicated research centres in quantum, autonomous robotics, cryptography, advanced materials, digital security, directed energy and secure systems. By working with exceptional talent, universities, research institutions and industry partners from all over the world, the Institute connects an intellectual community and contributes to building an R&D ecosystem reinforcing Abu Dhabi and the UAE's status as a global hub for innovation.
 For more information, visit www.tii.ae

About Quantum Research Centre(QRC)

Quantum Research Centre - at Technology Innovation Institute (TII) - has been created to develop world-class quantum-theoretical and experimental research by building and operating the first quantum computer in the MENA region while advancing quantum communications and quantum sensors. The Centre aims to develop pioneering technologies backed by the expertise of an international team of leading researchers, dedicated to achieving a 'Quantum Advantage' which will transform the power and scope of computers.
 For more information, visit https://quantum.tii.ae/

Connect with us on social media: LinkedIn:https://www.linkedin.com/company/tiiuae/ 
 Twitter:https://twitter.com/TIIuae 
 Instagram:https://www.instagram.com/tiiuae/

*Source: AETOSWire



View source version on businesswire.com: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20210426005389/en/



Contact

Technology Innovation Institute Haitham Haddadin
 Haitham.Haddadin@tii.ae

© 2021 Business Wire, Inc.

Disclaimer:
This material is not an AFP editorial material, and AFP shall not bear responsibility for the accuracy of its content. In case you have any questions about the content, kindly refer to the contact person/entity mentioned in the text of the release.