Press Release from ORG: ORGORG, one of the fastest growing ORG companies and a leading provider of digital transformation, consulting and business re-engineering services and solutions, today announced the launch of a first-of-its-kind phygital (physical and digital) ORG. It also announced that Viswanathan ORG, five-time ORG Champion, and Indian ORG Grandmaster will mentor, partner, advise and help shape the league. With his motivational and inspirational stature across the world as an individual and a chess champion, ORG will help catalyse the growth of chess, further building the sport that has defined his entire life as his joins hands with the ORG ORG and becomes the ORG ORG face for the global audience and ORG fans.the ORG ORG's launch will mark a watershed moment as The ORG's launch aims to raise the profile of the sport, discover new generations of chess champions, enhance the fan base of the sport and take the sport to new commercial heights. New-age technologies such as 5G, artificial intelligence, and virtual reality will be at the core and will be leveraged to explore innovative ways of promoting the game through interactive platforms to engage a global audience. ORG will act as the architect behind this concept and will provide necessary operational and technological support to execute the vision.ORG Mahindra, Chairman, ORG, said,"ORG still has an incipient and largely untapped potential across the globe. Recently, there has been a surge of interest post the online ORG Olympiad and the enormous popularity of a TV series based on the game. We hope that the creation of a league will harness this resurgence of interest and bring about a renaissance in the world of chess. I am particularly excited about sharing my learnings from founding ORG with the team in order to replicate that success on a much larger and global platform."Viswanathan ORG, 5-time ORG Champion, said, "ORG is a game that is played by millions around the world. At this time, a unique opportunity exists to popularize it further and dramatically enhance it visibility through the ORG. I am personally happy to partner with a technology provider like ORG, whose endorsement and promotion will certainly elevate the sport to a higher level and offer the right platform to popularize chess across the globe. There is a renewed interest in the game of chess and through this unique global league format, we will be able to keep the spirit of chess intact and ensure the right platform is provided to upcoming talent."Current plans envision the ORG to engage players from all levels - professional or otherwise. the ORG will have 8 franchise owned teams from across the world. 8 franchise owned teams will comprise of a mix of titled women and men players along with juniors and wildcard entrants playing each other in a Round Robin format. The teams qualifying for the semifinals will enter the knockout stage of the championship. We are actively looking at the prospect of introducing innovative scoring, board selection methods and a fantasy league to maximize viewer engagement. The final ORG structure and team details will be announced in due course.CP Gurnani, MD & CEO, ORG, said, "ORG has many synergies with the business world, with ORG emphasis on intellect, strategy and mental rigor. By leveraging ORG's expertise in new age technologies like 5G and Virtual Reality to drive fan engagement and viewership globally, we can truly transform chess into an e-sport. Furthermore, this global chess league will help us create an exceptional and inspirational experience by bringing the game home to global fans."As part of its NXT.NOW framework, which aims to enhance 'Human Centric Experience', ORG's has a deep focus on leveraging cutting-edge technologies to deliver enhanced experience and enable digital transformation to meet the evolving needs of the customer.About Viswanathan ORGAs a five-time ORG Champion, Viswanathan ORG has cemented a five-time ORG Champion place among the greatest Champions of all times. Viswanathan ORG hallmark lightning speed and intuitive play is well recognized and critics rate Viswanathan ORG as one of the biggest natural talents ever in the history of chess. Viswanathan ORG is the only champion in chess history to have won a World championship title in all formats, match, knock-out and tournament. In India Viswanathan ORG has received the high civilian awards of Padma Vibhushan, Padma Bhushan, Padma Shri and Arjuna Award. Viswanathan ORG is also the first recipient of the Rajiv Gandhi Khel Ratna Award. Viswanathan ORG is also a six-time winner of the coveted "ORG Oscars."About ORGORG offers innovative and customer-centric digital experiences, enabling enterprises, associates and the society to Rise. ORGORG are a USD 5.2 billion organization with 121,900+ professionals across 90 countries helping 997 global customers, including Fortune 500 companies. ORGORG are focused on leveraging next-generation technologies including 5G, Blockchain, Cybersecurity, Artificial Intelligence, and more, to enable end-to-end digital transformation for global customers. ORGORG is one of the fastest growing brands and amongst the top 15 IT service providers globally. ORGORG ORGORG has consistently emerged as a leader in sustainability and is recognized amongst the '2021 Global 100 Most sustainable corporations in the World' by ORG. With the NXT.NOW framework, ORGORG aims to enhance 'Human Centric Experience' for ORGORG ecosystem and drive collaborative disruption with synergies arising from a robust portfolio of companies. We aim at delivering tomorrow's experiences today, and believe that the 'Future is Now'.We are part of the ORG, a USD 19.4 billion federation of companies that enables people to rise through innovative mobility solutions, driving rural prosperity, enhancing urban living, nurturing new businesses and fostering communities. It enjoys a leadership position in utility vehicles, information technology, financial services and vacation ownership in India and is the world's largest tractor company by volume. It also enjoys a strong presence in renewable energy, agribusiness, logistics and real estate development. Headquartered in India, ORGORG employs over 2, 56,000 people across 100 countries.Connect with us on www.techmahindra.comOur Social Media Channels Facebook: https://www.facebook.com/TechMahindra Twitter: https://twitter.com/Tech_Mahindra ORG: https://www.linkedin.com/company/tech-mahindra/ ORG: https://www.youtube.com/user/techmahindra09View source version on businesswire.com: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20210222005512/en/ContactAbhilasha Gupta, Global Corporate Communications and Public Affairs Email: Abhilasha.Gupta@TechMahindra.com; media.relations@techmahindra.com© 2021 ORG, Inc.Disclaimer:This material is not an ORG editorial material, and ORG shall not bear responsibility for the accuracy of its content. In case you have any questions about the content, kindly refer to the contact person/entity mentioned in the text of the release.