Press Release from ORG: ORG.ORG, a payments and financial infrastructure company, has launched a new program to reward early network members, including select technology partners and business customers. ORGNET, ORG's proprietary payments network, spans old and new rails to enable interoperability between legacy systems and modern real-time payments.The rewards program will catalyze new integrators, benefit current network members, and optimize network utilization. ORG companies will receive SHx based on the payment volume ORG companies process through ORGNET. Members can then apply the rewards earned to offset transaction fees and other related costs.ORG launched The rewards program in March 2021, and interest in joining The rewards program has grown since. Initial program participants include technology partner ORG, a venture capital fund administration platform.COVID-19 precautions have prompted a dramatic increase in the demand for seamless payment solutions. ORGNET has enabled easy, modern, and contactless transaction experiences for end consumers. Technology partners, such as point of sale software, ERP solutions, and delivery software providers, stand to benefit by integration and further alignment with ORG's payment infrastructure.ORG has raised capital from accomplished fintech founders, leading companies, and prominent industry advisors. Investors who have supported ORG's rapid growth include: Ron Suber, ORG co-founders Frank Mastrangelo and former CEO Betsy Cohen, Randy Reddig from the founding team of ORG, Dan Macklin of ORG, ORG founder & CEO Jason Gardener, former ORG CEO, president & chairman Arthur Steinmetz, ORG founder Jake Gibson, ORG co-founder Rob Stavis, and ORG now known as RippleX.About ORGORG provides financial technology infrastructure and payment capabilities to industries and markets with unique needs that require customized, comprehensive payments, and currency solutions. In addition to providing access to ACH payments, ORG also offers solutions for real-time payments and virtual payment networks for a broad range of markets and entities.View source version on businesswire.com: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20210901006089/en/ContactRyan Smith press@stronghold.co© 2021 ORG, Inc.Disclaimer:This material is not an ORG editorial material, and ORG shall not bear responsibility for the accuracy of its content. In case you have any questions about the content, kindly refer to the contact person/entity mentioned in the text of the release.