Press Release from ORG: ORGORG (ORG: LPEN), a developer and manufacturer of hydrogen fuel cell-based solutions, announces the first shipment of ORG's complete fuel cell system to Slovakia-based ORG (ORG). the first shipment of ORG's complete fuel cell system to Slovakia-based ORG is the first under the previously announced commercial agreement between the parties, which anticipates over $1.9 million USD in fuel cell shipments from ORG over the next two and a half years.Under the terms of the agreement, ORG is to provide ORG with a complete fuel cell system to implement into ORG's 8-meter transit bus. In addition to ORG's high efficiency S300 fuel cell module, the solution includes a fully integrated cooling system designed to repurpose some of the thermal energy produced by an operating hydrogen fuel cell for bus heating thus increasing total usable energy output of the fuel cell system by up to 30%."As communities across the globe focus 30%."As communities across the globe attention on replacing diesel with zero emission alternatives, we are seeing a rapid increase in demand for hydrogen-powered mass transit vehicles. We are looking forward to working closely with ORG in providing customers across Europe with affordable, practical, and sustainable solutions for their municipal transit needs." said George Rubin, Chief Commercial Officer of ORG.About ORGORG is a Slovakia-based company responsible for the development of composite lightweight, zero-emission city bus platform. ORG's platform is known for ORG's platform hydrogen electric powertrain and industry leading GVWR (Gross Vehicle Weight Rating) for a zero-emission transit bus vehicle, while ORG's platform low curb weight enables greater passenger capacity while still meeting even the most stringent axel load requirements. For more information, please visit http://mobility-inovation.sk/hu.html.About ORGORG is a leading designer and manufacturer of fuel cell systems targeted for the electrification of commercial vehicles, including, light commercial vehicles, transit buses and medium and heavy-duty trucks. ORG's products feature the ORG's proprietary eFlow? technology in the fuel cell stack's bipolar plates. eFlow? was designed to enable commercial customers to achieve performance maximization and cost minimization. ORG works with OEMs and major vehicle sub-system suppliers to enable the production of hydrogen fuel cell electric vehicles. For more information about how ORG is driving towards a zero-emissions future, visit www.loopenergy.com.This press release may contain forward-looking information within the meaning of applicable securities legislation, which reflect management's current expectations and projections regarding future events. Forward-looking information is based on a number of assumptions and is subject to a number of risks and uncertainties, many of which are beyond the ORG's control and could cause actual results and events to vary materially from those that are disclosed, or implied, by such forward-looking information. Such risks and uncertainties include, but are not limited to, the ability of the ORG to execute on the ORG strategy and the factors discussed under "Risk Factors" in the ORG's Annual Information Form dated March 30, 2021. ORG disclaims any obligation to update these forward-looking statements.View source version on businesswire.com: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20210920005119/en/ContactORG Media Contact: Ashley Eisner | Tel: +1.212.697.2600 | aeisner@gscommunications.com  ORG Business Contact: George Rubin | Tel: +1.604.828.8185 | grubin@loopenergy.com  ORG EMEA Contact: Luigi Fusi | Tel: +39.028457.3048 | luigi.fusi@loopenergy.com© 2021 ORG, Inc.Disclaimer:This material is not an ORG editorial material, and ORG shall not bear responsibility for the accuracy of its content. In case you have any questions about the content, kindly refer to the contact person/entity mentioned in the text of the release.