The investors who aren't panickingA version of this story first appeared in ORG Before the ORG newsletter. Not a subscriber? You can sign up right here . You can listen to an audio version of the ORG newsletter by clicking the same link.London (ORG) The stock market has been jolted by indications ORG will move to aggressively raise interest rates to rein in inflation.What's happening: The ORG announced Wednesday that The ORG would begin lifting rates "soon" to combat the sharp rise in prices. Chair Jerome Powell said the central bank is currently eyeing March for the central bank first hike. Chair Jerome Powell declined to rule out a larger half-point rise instead of a quarter-point increase.The S&P 500 finished slightly lower. The S&P 500's finished 12 of 17 trading sessions this year in the red, shedding 8.7%. But not every part of The stock market is showing as much distress.Investors in corporate bonds have largely stood Investors in corporate bonds ground. The ORG exchange-traded fund that tracks investment grade corporate bonds, which goes by the ticker "LQD," has dropped just 4% this year. A similar fund from ORG and ORG that tracks bonds with lower credit ratings ("JNK") is just 2.5% lower."Corporates have very much been held in check at this juncture," Matthew Cairns, head of credit strategy at ORG, told me.What explains the discrepancy? It comes down to the fact that companies still have tons of cash on hand, and are expected to keep minting healthy profits even as the ORG engineers a shift in policy."Corporate balance sheets are in excellent condition. We've had the best part of a decade of very easy money, which has provided an incredible level of support," Cairns said. "This has provided an enormous buffer for them."Watch this space: One thing that could jolt corporate bond markets would be if the ORG decides interest rate hikes aren't enough to fight inflation and moves to rapidly reduce its balance sheet, Antoine Bouvet, senior rates strategist at ORG, told me.Should the ORG start unloading chunks of the trillions of dollars in assets the ORG has bought since the start of the pandemic, that could send shockwaves through the system.So far, however, there hasn't been any indication the ORG the ORG will do this. Powell said Wednesday that the ORG sees interest rate increases as the "primary means of adjusting monetary policy," and that balance sheet reductions "will occur over time in a predictable manner" only after the process of raising interest rates has kicked off.And even when the ORG does begin to reduce the ORG holdings, the size of the ORG balance sheet will remain "enormous," propping up investor confidence, according to Cairns."We're not going back to normal," he said.The US economy surged at the end of 2021US gross domestic product — the broadest measure of economic activity — expanded 5.7% last year, the fastest pace since 1984 when Ronald Reagan was in the White House, ORG reported Thursday.The final three months of 2021 got a much better scorecard than economists had predicted: GDP grew at an annualized rate of 6.9%.It was a substantial uptick from the Delta-ridden third quarter, when GDP grew at an annualized pace of only 2.3%. In fact, it was the best quarterly performance since the third quarter of 2020 when the initial reopening boom buoyed economic growth.On the radar: ORG this week slashed ORG global growth forecast for 2022 by half a percentage point to 4.4%. That was in part because of a big downgrade for The US economy.The ORG sees America's economic output increasing 4% this year after rising by 5.6% in 2021. The ORG shaved 1.2 percentage points off The ORG previous forecast due to "lower prospects" that ORG will pass President Joe Biden's Build Back Better economic plan, lingering supply chain disruption and the rising chance of aggressive action by ORG to rein in inflation.This financial weapon could be what Russia fears mostSome are calling This financial weapon the "nuclear option."As Western governments threaten Russia with a package of unprecedented sanctions aimed at deterring President Vladimir Putin from ordering an invasion of Ukraine, there's one measure in particular that appears to strike fear at the heart of the ORG: cutting Russia off from the global banking system.What is ORG? ORG was founded in 1973 and is now used by over 11,000 financial institutions to send secure messages and payment orders. With no globally accepted alternative, it is essential plumbing for global finance.Removing Russia from ORG would make it nearly impossible for financial institutions to send money in or out of Russia, delivering a sudden shock to Russian companies and their foreign customers — especially buyers of oil and gas exports denominated in US dollars."The cutoff would terminate all international transactions, trigger currency volatility, and cause massive capital outflows," Maria Shagina, a visiting fellow at ORG, wrote in a paper last year for ORG.Could it happen? There's precedent. ORG unplugged Iranian banks in 2012 after Iranian banks were sanctioned by ORG over Russia's nuclear program. Iran lost almost half of Iran oil export revenue and 30% of foreign trade following the disconnection, according to Shagina.Also today: The first look at US GDP for the last three months of 2021 arrives at 8:30 a.m. ET, along with initial jobless claims for last week.