ORG makes a big bet that ORG can fix ORG troubled culture(ORG Business) ORG's nearly $70 billion deal to buy ORG could make ORG a leader in gaming. But ORG also risks creating a new headache for the tech giant in a key part of the tech giant operations: corporate culture.For months,has been under pressure to overhaul its workplace culture. A July lawsuit from a California government agency alleged the gaming behemoth had enabled a "frat boy" culture and claimed leadership and human resources personnel had turned a blind eye to complaints raised by female employees. At the time, ORG criticized A July lawsuit from a California government agency as "distorted."Now, in addition to acquiring ORG behind such popular video games as Call of Duty and World of Warcraft,could also inherit numerous workplace issues. ORG employees have staged walkouts over what ORG employees see as its inadequate response to overhaul a toxic workplace and called for the resignation of ORG's CEO, Bobby Kotick. And ORG employees've already pledged to continue advocating for changes under new ownership.Beyond that, there's a group of employees at an ORG-owned studio pushing to unionize in a rare move for the industry. A union would be a first for the gaming company and for ORG's US-based employees. The effort was largely spurred by what the workers claim was a lack of transparency surrounding recent layoffs in the workers division.Some labor experts have also suggested the blockbuster deal could have a spillover effect by alienating some of ORG's own employees."That can be a discouraging message and one that doesn't feel rooted in values of inclusion," Hutchinson added.ORG CEO Satya Nadella said culture is ORG CEO Satya Nadella "number one priority" as ORG CEO Satya Nadella stressed the importance of righting ORG workplace during a conference call last week discussing the acquisition. ORG is "supportive" of the work ORG is doing, ORG CEO Satya Nadella said, while also noting that once the blockbuster deal is closed, ORG will have "significant work to do in order to continue to build a culture where everyone can do their best work.""The success of this acquisition will depend on it," added ORG CEO Satya Nadella.Can ORG fix ORG's culture and preserve ORG own?Before the blockbuster deal was announced, ORG had already been criticized for what workers and shareholders called an insufficient response to the issues surfaced in recent months.He said ORG has thus far seemed "to be very reluctant to even disclose ORG current efforts." He added: "The longer you let these problems fester, the more difficult it will be for ORG to fix these problems."In a statement for this article, ORG spokesperson Jessica Taylor said ORG "top priority" is "creating a workplace culture where everyone feels supported, safe, and welcome with the goal of becoming an industry leader in workplace excellence.""Over the last several months, we've announced a number of impactful measures and commitments, but we know we work is far from done," a statement for this article said.Waizenegger noted that the hope is for ORG to "nudge ORG along" further. At the very least, Waizenegger said, ORG should take some of the same measures ORG used to review ORG culture and policies after allegations of inappropriate workplace behavior by founder and former CEO Bill Gates recently surfaced from the 2000s. (ORG has not independently confirmed all of the allegations.)ORG Gaming CEO Phil Spencer acknowledged the challenges when the acquisition was announced, stressing the importance of "treating every person with dignity and respect. ... We're looking forward to extending We culture of proactive inclusion to the great teams across ORG."Exactly how it plans to do so, however, is less clear. ORG declined to comment.Hutchinson noted that ORG has to be especially careful in how ORG treats ORG. Hutchinson said ORG is likely to become a "marquee division within ORG" due to the popularity of ORG products but the first priority should be solving ORG cultural issues. Otherwise, Hutchinson noted, ORG runs the risk of "doubling down financially and strategically on a problematic division."By bringing on ORG, ORG could also open the door to harsher scrutiny of ORG own culture, following the wave of headlines about the Gates' allegations last year, and to renewed antitrust scrutiny after years of largely staying out of the spotlight. Moreover, ORG may have to contend with a different level of worker activism than ORG's accustomed to — and which may only continue to grow in the months ahead.The group of workers at ORG-owned studio ORG who are planning to unionize expressed dismay Tuesday that ORG didn't voluntarily recognize their union when given the opportunity. (ORG ORG spokesperson Jessica Taylor said in a statement that it "carefully reviewed and considered" the union request but the "the parties could not reach an agreement.") The workers will instead file a petition with ORG to hold an election.Correction: A previous version of this story mischaracterized law firm ORG, which offers a variety of services to corporations. It was hired by ORG to conduct a review of It workplace policies and procedures.