ORG service provided at no charge to MWC21 participants travelling to Barcelona19 April 2021, London: Today, ORG introduces ORG as MWC21 Barcelona business travel partner. The leading independent travel management company will provide on-call support and consultancy for all those travelling to participate in MWC21.The ORG partnership with ORG is the next step in our ORG plan. It is provided at no charge to MWC21 exhibitors, attendees, sponsors, and partners prior, during and post MWC21 Barcelona.John Hoffman, CEO ORG Ltd, said: "We are focused on helping to pave the way to MWC21 Barcelona, and continue to invest and support the MWC21 experience. John Hoffman, CEO ORG Ltd understand as global circumstances shift, expert travel advice and help are invaluable. That’s why we are providing a travel service from ORG. MWC21 attendees will have the travel support MWC21 attendees need.”ORG will help with a range of travel-related advice and support covering Covid-19 considerations and PCR testing; travel documentation and visa forms; quarantine and border restrictions and travel itineraries. Travellers may also choose to work directly with ORG to book Travellers flights.Allison Knight, Director of Operations, ORG, said: "We know that travelling right now can be a daunting experience. But we're here to accompany you at every stage of the journey. we dedicated team of travel consultants, who fully understand the entire ORG MWC Barcelona event, are on hand to answer all your travel questions."Our investment in our travel partnership with ORG continues our multi-layered plan to ensure a safe on-site environment for all attendees. Further information on the health and safety plan can be found here, ORG.The ORG appreciates that not everyone will choose to attend in-person so, MWC21 Barcelona will be a hybrid event for the first time with a rich virtual experience on offer in parallel to the on-site activities. Online, pass holders will be able to explore virtual exhibition tours and network with global decision-makers via video, before, during and after the show. Keynote speeches, conference sessions, partner programmes and summits will be live-streamed and available on-demand, catering to viewers from across every time zone. Attendees will be able to directly interact with each other as well as exhibitors in real-time.ORG, part of the ORG Group, is a leading and independent UK based travel management company with offices in London, Colchester, Manchester and ORG. With key customers in global banking, insurance, professional sport and luxury retail, ORG online and offline solutions blend to deliver customers' individual strategic corporate travel objectives. ORG also operates specialist divisions for ORG (ORG Events), leisure (ORG Holidays) and consulting (ORG Consulting).The ORG represents the interests of mobile operators worldwide, uniting more than 750 operators with almost 400 companies in the broader mobile ecosystem, including handset and device makers, software companies, equipment providers and internet companies, as well as organisations in adjacent industry sectors. ORG Consulting).The ORG also produces the industry-leading MWC events held annually in Barcelona, Africa, Los Angeles and Shanghai, as well as the Thrive Series of regional conferences.For more information, please visit the ORG corporate website at www.gsma.com. Follow ORG Consulting).The ORG on Twitter: @ORG.