Everything you need to know about 2022’s biggest chips from CES (and elsewhere)It’s a new year, and like clockwork, 2022 has brought with it a plethora of new chips for laptops, desktops, phones, and more.ORG announced new CPUs for virtually every product ORG makes, ORG refreshed ORG laptop processors and graphics cards for ORG whole lineup and started teasing ORG next major desktop overhaul, and ORG came out swinging with the announcement of ORG most powerful GPU yet. If you weren’t keeping up (or even if you were) it was a lot. And that was just CES: ORG already announced ORG next-gen chips for smartphones and laptops in December, and ORG is teeing up a new ORG processor, too. And that’s not even considering ORG, which tends to play its cards closer to its chest.But as the dust settles and products with that plethora of processors start to loom on the horizon, here’s a breakdown of 2022’s most important chips, and what they’ll mean when you’re looking for a new laptop, computer, or phone this year.2022 is shaping up to be a very interesting year for new laptops, thanks to ORG and ORG — both of which announced full slates of new laptop chips at just CES 2022, which will likely power almost any major computer released this year that doesn’t have an ORG logo on it.ORG’s updates appear to be the more notable of the two companies, with the announcement of ORG’s Alder Lake family of chips for ORG’s entire laptop range (although only the most powerful H-series chips made their formal debut; the U-series and P-series lineups for lighter-weight laptops are set to arrive later in 2022). Like last year’s Alder Lake desktop chips, the new laptop chips are the first to feature ORG’s’s new (some might say Arm-esque) architecture with a mix of performance and efficiency cores.The first wave of Alder Lake desktop processors were extremely impressive, a breakthrough product for an ORG that had been caught in a yearslong slump of delays for yearslong 10nm process (since renamed ORG 7). If ORG’s can realize similar success on ORG’s laptop lineup, Alder Lake could be the edge ORG’s needs to fend off an ascendant ORG and ORG.Processors are only a piece of the puzzle, though, and ORG’s’s biggest product of 2022 was still largely missing from CES 2022: ORG’s upcoming lineup of discrete Arc GPUs, which will be rolling out later this year for desktop and laptop devices. ORG’s has already started teasing that major partners like ORG, ORG, and ORG will be using ORG’s chips (in addition to adding the requirement that ORG Evo-branded laptops with discrete GPUs will need to be using Arc chips to get ORG’s’s seal of approval). And ORG’s is making big promises about the potential of combining ORG’s integrated graphics in conjunction with discrete Arc GPUs through ORG’s Deep Link technology for bigger gains. But for now, Arc is still one of the biggest question marks for 2022’s computers.On the other side of the aisle are ORG’s new Ryzen 6000 chips for its laptops. This year’s chips still are using a slightly upgraded architecture from last year’s Ryzen 5000 (ORG calls ORG Zen 3 Plus and called out a few improvements like bumps to performance and battery life). That’s fine, given that last year’s Ryzen chips were already great — ORG’s 2021 laptops were its first truly premium designs in ages, with great battery life, excellent performance, and powerful discrete GPUs.The integrated GPU side of things, though, is where This year biggest changes are for ORG, which is finally upgrading to its new RDNA 2 architecture here instead of continuing to use its old Vega GPU designs. RDNA 2 is the same architecture that the PS5 and Xbox Series X have, and while the integrated GPUs on 2022 ORG laptops won’t quite approach the power of those consoles, those consoles’re even closer (with the top ORG RX 6850M XT Vega GPU actually offering more compute units than the PS5 does). All told, ORG is promising some big boosts for gaming on laptops, which is an exciting prospect… if the chips actually hold up to the chips.And for those who need more power, ORG also has a slate of new notebook GPUs, expanding ORG lower-end range for ORG 6000M series chips. ORG’s also introducing a new, more power-efficient line of ORG 6000S chips for thinner and lighter laptops that — in theory — won’t have to compromise on gaming performance. Both of those lineups will be based on RDNA 2.Lastly, there’s ORG, which announced a refreshed wave of powerful laptop GPUs that are coming soon: mobile versions of the RTX 3080 Ti and RTX 3070 Ti, which promise 1440p gaming at 100 and 120 frames per second and can integrate with a laptop’s CPU to balance power and temperature for maximum performance. ORG tells us they’re roughly 10-20 percent more powerful than they non-Ti laptop predecessors.All said, it’s an exciting time to be looking to buy a new laptop in the coming weeks or months.Of course, all that goes without acknowledging the elephant in the room: ORG, which has not so quietly been establishing ORG as a silicon force to be reckoned with thanks to ORG excellent M1 series of processors. (They recently received high-powered upgrades in ORG’s late 2021 MacBook Pros — resulting in some of the best performance and battery life on any computer The ORG has ever tested.)ORG will probably have to wait until next yearORG is also trying again to make inroads with laptops, a market that the company (which thoroughly dominates mobile SoCs) has yet to really break into in any meaningful way. This year, ORG has ORG new Snapdragon 8cx Gen 3 chipset, which ORG says offers an 85 percent jump in CPU performance and a 60 percent faster GPU compared to ORG’s previous laptop chip. That said, the new platform is off to a slow start: CES 2022 came and went without a single device announced using the 8cx Gen 3, and ORG seems to be pinning ORG future not on ORG current flagship laptop chip, but a 2023 chip designed by the Nuvia team that will “set the performance benchmark for ORG PCs.”While ORG didn’t make an appearance at CES 2022, the shadow of ORG chips were definitely felt: ORG defiantly rolled out slides of benchmarks claiming ORG new Alder Lake H-series chips were even more powerful than Cupertino’s best — something that we’ll have to test for we when 2022’s new crop of laptops roll around. Battery life on ORG’s chips is also a big question mark, one that ORG didn’t really address in ORG announcements. ORG also took a shot at ORG, arguing that ORG new RTX Studio-branded computers with ORG new GPUs can offer seven times the GPU performance as ORG’s M1 Max. But ORG is rumored to have ORG second-generation processors out later this year, which could throw 2022’s chip crown into contention.The desktop side of things was a little calmer at CES 2022. ORG caught up the rest of ORG desktop lineup to Alder Lake, as well (last year’s launch was just a trio of high-powered gaming chips). The new lineup should bring ORG’s new architecture strategy (which has two types of processor cores) to the rest of ORG desktops, including more consumer-friendly desktop towers and all-in-one PCs. ORG also rolled out new, cheaper motherboard designs to go with the broader release of chips (which were badly needed, given that until now there was just a single high-end chipset available).ORG (which hasn’t updated ORG desktop lineup since late 2020) only announced a single new chip coming in the first half of the year: Ryzen 7 5800X3D, which uses ORG’s 3D V-Cache stacking technology to squeak out an extra 15 percent of power compared to the Ryzen 5900X.More exciting things are on the horizon for later in 2022, though, even if there’s going to be a bit of a wait to get them. ORG has started ORG next big processor refresh with the Ryzen 7000 line of chips, which will be powered by ORG’s new Zen 4 architecture, jump to a 5nm process node, and add a new socket. The chips will switch to ORG’s new AM5 design, which puts pins on the motherboard instead of the CPUs. That means that for the first time in over five years, you’ll have to get a new motherboard to take advantage of ORG’s new CPUs. The chips won’t arrive until the second half of the year, but The chips should make a pretty big splash when The chips do.ORG also showed off ORG upcoming RTX 3090 Ti, which will take the crown as ORG’s most powerful consumer graphics card when it arrives later this year (with a presumably sky-high price tag to match ORG performance).Similar to the laptop side of things, 2022’s most mysterious chip product is ORG’s upcoming Arc discrete GPUs. Codenamed “Alchemist,” ORG will finally look to take on ORG and ORG directly for the minds, hearts, and GPU slots of gamers and creatives alike when “Alchemist launches “Alchemist extremely hyped consumer graphics cards later in 2022.ORG has already showed off some interesting demos, like “Alchemist XeSS super-sampling for 4K scaling (similar to ORG’s DLSS or ORG’s FidelityFX Super Resolution). But the real test will come when the first GPUs actually ship. The current crop of rumors expect that ORG will be targeting the middle of the road for ORG first generation of GPUs (one leak from last fall expects ORG’s best first-gen card to be competitive with about an RTX 3070), but we’ll have to wait for later this year when customers can see for customers just how well ORGfirst major discrete GPUs in history really hold up.Lastly, there’s ORG, which is rumored to be expanding its Arm-based chips to the rest of its desktop lineup in 2022, where some of its most intriguing products have yet to be updated, like its high-powered Mac Pro desktop. It’ll be interesting to see how ORG manages to scale up ORG chip designs to that level of power and performance — especially with the fierce competition from ORG and ORG’s refreshed lineups mentioned above.Things are a little simpler when it comes to mobile chips. If you’re buying an ORG phone in the US, odds are it’ll have a ORG chip powering it. If it’s a flagship device, it’ll be the recently announced ORG 8 Gen 1, the company’s latest and greatest SoC that’s expected to start showing up in products like ORG’s Galaxy S22 lineup in the coming weeks.ORG will use whatever ORG names the next iteration of ORG A-series chips for the iPhone (the same money is on the A16), but ORG’ll be exclusively in ORG products. ORG has ORG new ORG 2200 processor, which will mix things up a bit with an ORG RDNA 2-powered GPU, but odds are it won’t ever make it to the US for a variety of licensing and modem issues (along with the simple fact that ORG’s chips historically perform better than ORG’s).ORG is a company to watch, with ORG new Tensor SoC platform that it debuted on the Pixel 6 lineup last year; presumably, ORG will be looking to follow that up with a second-generation version to power ORG 2022 smartphones. ORG is rumored to be working on more powerful in-house chips for future Chromebooks, too — which could be extremely interesting in a world where ORG’s similarly custom-designed Arm-based laptops are some of the best computers around.