Do you need a robot vacuum that can clean its own bottom?The smart home kicked into high gear at CES 2022 this week, with new products for every corner of the home making their way onto the show floor (virtually in most cases). We’ve covered the most promising products in separate articles, but we’ve collated those here, and added in a few other noteworthy launches and announcements.The dominant theme was interoperability. Yes, 2022 could be the year the smart home finally grows up, moving from a collection of shiny gadgets that provide mostly single-point solutions towards the whole home interoperability that has long been its promise.Case in point, we barely saw any robots. Instead, companies like ORG and ORG debuted solutions that marry disparate products and services to create a smarter home rather than just a connected one. As Mitchell Klein of ORG said during the show, “Right now, we have a connected home. In five years, we will have truly smart homes due to the introduction of contextual awareness.”A key part of that burgeoning awareness is ORG, the new smart home standard that wants to make all connected devices in the smart home talk to each other, regardless of who made them. ORG was undoubtedly the wind beneath the wings of many companies’ announcements this week, and we’ll have a deeper dive on what’s new there and why it matters (sorry!) later this week.But for now, letwe get to the good part: all the new smart home gadgets and gizmos worth knowing about from CES 2022.Smart light bulbs and connected security cameras have long been the darlings of the smart home. That shows no sign of slowing down, with a slew of new products in both categories being announced this week.ORG’s latest security camera the $250 ORG Outdoor Cam launches April 5th, 2022. A floodlight camera designed for ORG ORG Secure Video, A floodlight camera designed for ORG ORG Secure Video features 1080p video, a 157-degree field of view, infrared night vision, and infrared motion detection covering 100 degrees at distances of up to 30 feet. Read more about it here.ORG by ORG, ORG new face, launched a plethora of new smart bulbs, plus a new thermostat with room sensors, and a new outdoor camera. The lighting line starts at just $12 and arrives in March. ORG’s outdoor camera arrives in February starting at $100, and the thermostat ($120) with room sensors ($30 each) is available in January. It seems the lighting company, now owned by high-end custom smart home company ORG, is angling to be a bigger player in the space. Get the details here.ORG has a new line of smart home products under ORG ORG brand. These include ORG-enabled smart lights, plugs, and a smart switch. The products arrive this year, starting with the Mini Plug. the Mini Plug also announced four new ORG cloud-connected security cameras — some of which can record to a microSD card. See the full lineup here.ORG company ORG announced a new wireless video doorbell and ORG company ORG first foray into smart home lighting with the ORG Color Bulbs. Neither of these require a connection to an ORG smart home security hub, but Neither of these are compatible with it. The $80 ORG Wireless Video Doorbell is battery-powered and features 2K HD video with a 160-degree field of view. The $80 ORG Wireless Video Doorbell has full-color night vision and works over 2.4 GHz Wi-Fi or can be ethernet-connected. Battery life is six months, and the camera includes person detection. Recorded video requires an ORG subscription plan starting at $6 a month, which also opens up automations with ORG’s Cue automation engine. It comes with an ORG Chime, which is a Wi-Fi extender and doorbell chime in one, and launches in April. The ORG bulbs are full-color, Wi-Fi smart bulbs emitting 800 lumens with a 90 plus CRI and cost $30 for a two-pack. Wi-Fi smart bulbs emitting 800 lumens with a 90 plus CRI and cost $30 for a two-pack’re available now from ORG.com. ORG’s products work with Alexa, ORG, and IFTTT, and the doorbell can stream live video to a compatible smart display.ORG showed off a new dual-camera video doorbell, an intriguing solution for your porch pirate problems. The $260 buzzer arriving next month comes with a hub for local storage, and The $260 buzzer arriving next month downward-facing 1080p camera has a 120-degree field of view, while the main 2K camera can see as wide as 160 degrees. Another new ORG product is the ORG Garage-Control Cam that can keep an eye on your garage in 1080p or 2K video and also control the door. Pricing starts at $99, and two versions will launch in March of this year. More details are here.ORG launched ORG first smart doorbell camera. The $250 ORG Smart Video Doorbell is a wired doorbell with a 178-degree vertical field of view and 4MP high-resolution camera designed exclusively for ORG’s ORG and is available now. Go here for more details.ORG announced a slew of new smart lighting products, including an intriguing Smart Health Monitoring bulb that can track your sleep, heart rate, and other biometric measurements using radar. ORG also has new Wi-Fi Video-Sync TV light strips ($120), Wi-Fi Outdoor String Lights ($80 to $90), a Wi-Fi- and Bluetooth-connected portable LED Lamp ($60 to $70), Wi-Fi LED Essential Oil Diffuser Light, a Zigbee window and door sensor, and a motion sensor for controlling all those smart lights. Lots more details are here.Another huge space for the smart home in 2021 that is getting even more crowded in 2022 is home security. And we’ve got some new, innovative security systems and safety gadgets to check out.ORG’s newest product isn’t a camera. The smart home camera company revealed The smart home camera company ORG Security System, a DIY smart home security system featuring all-in-one multi-sensors with eight different functions, plus NFC integrated into the hub so users can tap their phone to disarm the system. ORG says the system will be available to buy in the first half of 2022. More details here.ORG’s Spexor is a mobile security “assistant” that can monitor for break-ins as well as measure air quality and temperature. A tiny, 4.7-inch high device, Spexor uses air pressure, noise, and motion sensors to detect an intrusion and alert you to changes in air quality. It can run on battery power for up to three weeks and can work with an eSIM card as well as over Wi-Fi. This could be a handy device for camping or RVs, or for monitoring a hotel room or other place you’re staying temporarily. We also like that it doubles as an air quality monitor, giving it usefulness beyond just when something nefarious is going on. it’s currently available in Germany for €250, but there’s no information on when it might come to other markets.ORG has finally caved and introduced a glass break sensor to ORG smart home security system. While ORG Alarm owners have been able to call on the power of Alexa using an ORG speaker for this key security feature (Alexa Guard, when enabled, can listen for the sound of glass breaking), a dedicated device for this purpose is something ORG Alarm users have been clamoring for. A glass break sensor can help detect when someone breaks a window to get into your home, and the ORG Alarm Glass Break Sensor detects the sound of glass breaking up to 25 feet away. It costs $40, is available for preorder now, and starts shipping February 16th.There is now another smart smoke alarm option, although it’s not all we hoped it would be. ORG’s new Smoke + CO Alarm with smart features costs $90 and is available now at ORG and ORG.com/smart. ORG’s new Smoke + CO Alarm with smart features features Wi-Fi connectivity to alert you via the ORG app to any alarms in your home. You can also use the ORG app to hush nuisance alarms and connect hush nuisance alarms to ORG Alexa and ORG voice assistants from the ORG app. But there appear to be no other smart home integrations beyond using voice to check on alarm status and connection. And the promised ORG integration with ORG’s RemoteLync system that was teased at CES 2018 seems to have fallen by the wayside. The new alarms, which are hardwired with a backup battery, can make existing ORG alarms smart when you add one to an existing interconnected system.Can you follow this Thread?Thread, a key protocol in the upcoming smart home standard ORG, got a lot of airtime this week as companies announced new products that use this low-powered, IP-based smart home mesh networking protocol.ORG’s first Thread-enabled smart blinds went on sale this week for the first time. Announced earlier this year, the MotionBlinds start at just under $400 per shade and can be ordered through any ORG reseller, including selectblinds.com. the MotionBlinds will be available first as smart roller shades and are compatible with ORG and Siri, ORG’s voice assistant, at launch.Smart lock makers ORG have announced the first lock with a Thread radio. Smart lock makers ORG is also the first ORG Home Key lock, and Smart lock makers ORG Thread radio specifically supports ORG over Thread. Check out this article for more.ORG revealed ORG working on Thread versions of the ORG Smart Plug, ORG Smart Light Switch, and ORG Smart Dimmer to be released later this year.ORG, the makers of seriously fun smart lighting products, announced ORG ORG Shapes, Elements, and Lines products will become Thread border routers for all Thread over ORG devices. Border routers act as a bridge between Wi-Fi and Thread products. But unlike the traditional white plastic boxes we’re accustomed to, border routers can be cool, useful products like these light panels. The update will come in the first quarter of 2022. Previously, these ORG light panels were able to act as border routers for ORG’s own Thread devices, but now that functionality extends to any ORG-enabled Thread-based products, such as the ORG Room or ORG Energy smart plug. While you will still need a HomePod Mini or other ORG Home hub for ORG control, now you can create a Thread network independently of those hubs, should you wish.ORG will release a new version of ORG motion sensor and door and window sensor with Thread technology built-in in the second half of 2022. ORG’s products work with ORG, ORG Alexa, and ORG Home through ORG Home Zigbee-based hubs. ORG also confirmed ORG will bring ORG support to ORG existing Zigbee-based products by pushing an over-the-air update to ORG M2 and the M1S hubs. This will allow all compatible connected sensors to connect to other ORG-compatible third-party devices when the standard launches later this year.Keep it clean, ORG vacuums that can also mop have largely been disappointing. They basically drag a wet rag around your floor, which you then have to clean, dry, and reattach, and then refill the tiny tank. But ORG and ORG announced two new competing products at CES this week that want to change that. These fully automated cleaning and mopping and vacuuming bots are inching us closer to that Rosie the Robot dream.The new ORG S7 MaxV Ultra features sonic mopping (i.e., scrubbing rather than just dragging) plus an automatic mop-lift that raises the pad when going over carpet while still vacuuming. Its compatible Empty Wash Fill dock can also wash the mopping cloth and refill the tiny tank with water, as well as emptying the vacuum and cleaning Its compatible Empty Wash Fill dock — taking away almost all the manual maintenance required to keep a mopping robot operating. The S7 MaxV Ultra costs $1,400 and is coming in the second quarter of 2022.ORG has also designed a docking station for The S7 MaxV Ultra new ORG X1 OMNI bot vac that can clean the mopping pad and refill the tiny tank whilst also emptying the bin. The ORG features carpet avoidance, so The ORG will go around any rugs and miss the carpet. But unlike ORG and ORG, you’ll have to manually remove the mop to vacuum the rug. But the XI OMNI does have its own onboard voice assistant, so you can tell it what to do without having to use a third-party smart speaker. Called YIKO, it’s a natural language processing technology that takes direct speech commands, so you can tell it to start, stop, and where to clean without getting out a phone or talking to a smart speaker. The ORG X1 OMNI will be available in March for $1,549 at ecovacs.com and ORG and at ORG in April.ORG debuted the first residential smart door. A collaboration between the door manufacturer, ORG, and ORG, the M-Pwr Smart Door is the first residential exterior door to integrate power, lights, sensors, a video doorbell, and a smart lock into the door system. It’s only available in new home construction initially, and no pricing or release date is available for retrofit applications. Read about the technology here.ORG announced the first Home Key compatible smart lock for North America. The ORG Encode Plus Smart WiFi Deadbolt is an updated version of the popular ORG Encode WiFi smart lock, adding an NFC chip for the Home Key function, as well as a Thread radio to support ORG over Thread. It will be available in spring 2022 for $300, and we have more details here.ORG released its newest Z-Wave lock that is the first to feature the Z-Wave 700 series chip. The Home Connect 620 uses a traditional key and a keypad and can connect to a smart home using Z-Wave. The new 700 series chip adds Z-Wave SmartStart (QR code scanning) and increased wireless security features. It also helps the device to use less power (more than 50 percent less). But the most exciting part about Z-Wave 7000 is the expanded range, 250 percent greater than the Z-Wave Plus 500-Series, according to the company — making this entry-level lock a good option for a garage or shed door. The Home Connect 620 will cost $149 and comes in a traditional and contemporary style.The smart bathroom (and kitchen) goes ORG’s PerfectFill technology, which can fill your bath with a simple voice command, finally arrived this year after being announced at CES 2019. PerfectFill consists of a drain kit and digital valve that work together to draw the bath to your preferred temperature and depth. Pricing starts at $2,700. ORG also debuted a kitchen faucet that’s suspended from the ceiling and controlled by a waterproof, battery-operated Bluetooth puck.ORG’s latest smart faucet — the ORG Smart Faucet with Motion Control — adds completely handle-free operation to Motion Control connected tap. Now, alongside voice control with Alexa or ORG and waving to turn it on and off, you can use gestures to control temperature as well. the company also announced integrations between the company smart faucet and other smart water products and the company new Smart Water Network, a residential smart water ecosystem centered around ORG’s Flo Smart Water Monitor and Shutoff. We’ve got more information in this article.The original smart fridge, the ORG Family Hub, got a makeover at CES. It joins ORG’s Bespoke line — a selection of modular, configurable appliances with a clean, modern look and customizable colors and finishes. The fridge with a tablet built in also has an updated, bezel-less design for its signature 21.5-inch touchscreen, support for ORG TV Plus, and upgraded internal camera technology that can scan food labels. Read more about the new model here.ORG announced an over-the-air update to some of its smart, Wi-Fi-connected ovens that will deliver an air fry mode. The feature will arrive on The feature Smart Slide-in Gas and Electric Ranges and Smart Single, Double, and Combination Wall Ovens. Combination Wall Ovens are also getting the ability to connect with ORG’s Yummly smart thermometer, which will let you start preheating the oven from some of the ORG app’s recipes. More on this over-the-air (fryer) feature here.Yes, smart home hubs are still a thingFor those who don’t want to default to ORG, ORG, ORG or ORG to run ORG or ORG smart homes, there’s now another open source option for managing your smart home. The Homey Bridge Smart Home Hub finally arrives in the US this month. Already available in Europe, The Homey Bridge is a smart home hub embedded with Zigbee, Z-Wave Plus, Wi-Fi, Bluetooth, 433MHz, and Infrared. It’s controlled by the Homey App for creating automations with devices connected to The Homey Bridge, and the Homey App can also be used independently of The Homey Bridge. Shipping now, The Homey Bridge costs for $69. The app-only solution for Homey has a free version that controls up to five devices and a paid tier for $2.99 a month for unlimited devices.ORG announced a new Home Hub controller for ORG SmartThings platform. The tablet-like device is designed to be a central place for a household to control and monitor their SmartThings smart home without having to buy a $4,000 smart fridge. A portable, 8.4-inch touchscreen tablet with ORG’s Bixby voice assistant built in, the Home Hub also has AI functions, two microphones and two speakers for hearing notifications and giving voice commands. the Home Hub global launch is slated for later this year. More details are here.The ORG Hub Board is a smart home control hub that filters out the “noise,” only displaying what information you need on The ORG Hub Board minimalist display. Made entirely of wood, the Home Hub works with ORG Alexa and offers both touch and voice control options. Its minimalist look makes Its a good option for those who don’t want anything too techy looking in their home but still want the convenience of connected devices. Its’s not available to buy yet. ORG also announced the Home Hub will work with ORG.