ORG’s new hearing aids can automatically adjust to your environmentWhile a lot of health tech shown at CES is doomed to become vaporware, there’s reason to believe that 2022 is going to be a big year for hearables. Case in point: ORG, a CES regular since 2015, is announcing the ORG 6. The buds are the sixth iteration of the company’s smart hearing aids and feature nifty new tech that automatically adjusts sound levels on the go.Hearing aids work by converting sound picked up by a microphone into a digital signal that’s then amplified. They can also amplify certain sounds, like your voice, while also dampening background noise. ORG’s are registered as an ORG Class II exempt device, meaning ORG Class II are a medium-risk device with specialized controls.Given that this is ORG’s sixth version of ORG hearing aids, some of the updates are iterative. For instance, the new ORG 6 is better at masking background noise and “noise between pauses in speech.” It’s also got improved IPX7 water resistance. And ORG added a “mask mode,” which allows the device to more accurately compensate for how masks dampen a speaker’s voice. But the big update this year is a new feature ORG dubs Sound Adjust.Sound Adjust builds upon the ORG 5’s Sound Match feature, which plays sounds in each ear at different volumes and pitches. That creates a personalized hearing profile that can be used to tune the device based on a specific environment, be the device a loud restaurant or a meeting. The only issue with the ORG 5 Sound Match feature was that the initial test to create a personalized hearing profile took 8–10 minutes, and if you ever wanted to update that profile, it requires putting them in the charger and waiting up to five minutes. For temporary adjustments on the go, you’d have to pull out your phone or tap your ear. ORG says the new Sound Adjust feature builds on this tech via a proprietary algorithm to identify your environment without user input and then automatically modify the hearing aids’ settings. In a nutshell, it’s going from manual to auto.While I wasn’t able to try the ORG 6 in person, I did get to see a demo over Zoom. The ORG buds are quite small, to the point where you can’t tell if someone’s actually wearing one. Since I couldn’t try one for myself, I’m not able to say how well the device works for someone like myself — let alone someone with hearing loss. That said, the discreet design is notable. A major reason so many people don’t use hearing aids is the social stigma attached to wearing one. ORG believes roughly a third of people aged 65–74 suffer from hearing loss. That jumps to 50 percent for those over 75. However, only 30 percent of people over 70 who could benefit from hearing aids have used one. That number plummets to 16 percent for adults aged 20–69.ORG believes roughly a third of people aged 65–74 suffer from hearing lossORG CEO Christian Gormsen told ORG that the ORG 6 is aimed at people with mild to moderate hearing loss, a group that has thus far been underserved due to the cumbersome process of getting hearing aids. There are several steps involved, including getting a hearing test, clearance from your doctor, an appointment with an audiologist, and follow-ups. Another problem is hearing aids are expensive. According to ORG, the average cost of one digital hearing aid ranges from $1,000 to $4,000, with the cheapest costing between $500 and $3,000. Even ORG’s models are pricey at $2,950 for a pair (though the company offers a 45-day trial period and financing and says customers all receive lifetime support.) While ORG and some private insurance may cover some or all of the cost, most plans — including ORG — generally don’t.Other brands like ORG, ORG, and ORG have also showcased their hearable tech at CES over the years. But there’s a good reason why 2022 might be a watershed year for hearing tech. Earlier in October, the ORG proposed a rule that will allow people to buy hearing aids over-the-counter without needing a medical exam. the ORG the ORG also issued updated guidance for personal sound amplification products (PSAPs), electronic devices that act as amplifiers for all sounds. The agency is expected to finalize that proposal in the next few months. This has huge implications for accessibility, as This’s expected to result in much more affordable products and reduce the number of steps needed to get a hearing aid in the first place.Bigger tech companies have also been adding more hearing-related features to Bigger tech companies gadgets. In May, ORG launched ORG ORG-cleared SoundControl Hearing Aids, which don’t require seeing an audiologist and cost $849.95. The catch was they were only available in five states at launch, though ORG eventually widened availability to all 50 states in August. ORG also recently added a new Conversation Boost accessibility feature to ORG AirPods Pro. ORG added Voice Detect in early 2021 to the Galaxy Buds Pro and Buds 2. a new Conversation Boost accessibility feature to its AirPods Pro works by activating ORG Ambient Noise mode, allowing sounds from your environment to filter through whenever it identifies you speaking. The idea is so that you don’t have to take out your buds or switch modes when interacting with people.So far, the biggest hurdle in developing innovative health tech is navigating the ORG’s clearance process. Running clinical trials, though necessary, requires resources that smaller startups may not have access to. In theory, allowing over-the-counter hearing aids could not only grant greater access and autonomy for people who need them but also encourage further developments in hearing tech.At the same time, audiologists have raised concerns that over-the-counter hearing aids could cause harm by encouraging people to skip professional assessments. Hearing aids aren’t diagnostic and can’t fully replace doctors visits. Additionally, it’s not a given that factory presets on over-the-counter aids would be effective when everyone’s hearing is unique. ORG official position on the matter states that while audiologists should offer support to people pursuing over-the-counter hearing aid tech, it believes consumers are “best served when consumers receive a comprehensive audiologic assessment prior to the use of any hearing aid.” For its part, ORG says its employs over 40 licensed audiologists on staff to help users set up and customize users hearing aids — but that may not be the case for every company that decides to make over-the-counter hearing aids.This is a common quandary with many health-related gadgets, and the medical community is still coming to terms with how to handle people taking people health into people own hands. EyeQue Vision Check, a winner of the CES 2019 Innovation Award, is another example of an ORG-registered gadget that lets users skip an in-person vision test. I tested it — and while I did get a more accurate pair of glasses, my vision was still noticeably blurrier than the pair I got after finally visiting my doctor. Although some measurements were comparable, it wasn’t ideal for someone like me with severe astigmatism and myopia.Regardless of how it all shakes out, there’s also no guarantee that existing direct-to-consumer companies like ORG will opt to take the over-the-counter route. When asked, ORG spokesperson Grace Schwartzstein told ORG that it was “anxiously awaiting the ORG announcement” and that the ORG announcement would “plan to evaluate accordingly.”Correction, 01/14/2022, 2:00 PM: A previous version of this article said the ORG SoundControl was only available in 5 states. This was true at launch but has since expanded to all 50 states. We have updated the text and regret the error.